AFP - China more than doubled its export earnings from cellphones, shipping 73.4 million handsets overseas in the first seven months of the year, state media reported.
Ziff Davis - LSB 2.0 represents the best chance to prevent Linux fragmentation.
AP - Prosecutors have decided to abandon the charge of enterprise corruption, the top count against former Tyco International Ltd. executives L. Dennis Kozlowski and Mark H. Swartz, when the two are retried in January.
AP - Spurred by what appear to be unusual radiation readings offshore, the U.S. government is sending a team of 20 scientists to try to find a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
&lt;I&gt;SpaceShipOne,&lt;/I&gt; the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space, roared to space and back again this morning from a launch site in California's Mojave desert.
Hoping to monitor penguins unobtrusively, scientists are testing a tag made of silicone rubber. Stainless steel tags used currently can impede the birds' ability to hunt.
Birding columnist Mathew Tekulsky considers the joys of sparrows wintering in his California backyard.
The deal is valued at about \$100 million, but the handset maker will be billed based on actual service consumption.
MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA - In a mission that could herald a new era of space tourism, a privately built, three-person rocket ship flew to space and back today in a mission that frightened those who watched from the ground and on a live webcast.
New version of IronPort product draws on data from E-mail-monitoring network to quarantine viruses within minutes. By Thomas Claburn.
Rep. Adam Putnam (R-Fla.), who led much of Congress #39; oversight of federal information technology during the past two years, has left the House Government Reform Committee and joined the Rules Committee.
The retailer will sell CallVantage in many of its outlets and through its Web site.
"Jam Packs" expand features and portability for musicians mixing music on their Macs.
Rewriteable version of the next-gen DVD format moves closer to mass production.
Early sighting of ID scheme budget-laundering
A Los Angeles man who spewed porn advertisements from his car likely faces up to six months in jail.\
A new version of the infamous Bagle worm series is spreading widely across the net.
.Mac, the popular suite of Internet software and services, now offers both new members and its more than half million existing members 250MB of combined online storage for .Mac mailboxes and iDisk folders, perfect for sharing photos, movies and documents with family, friends and coworkers. Sign up now for a free 60-day trial. Sep 29
Reuters - Rival technologies that baffle consumers\will run more companies out of business in the nascent music\download market than will head-to-head competition, one of the\lead creators of MP3 playback technology warned on Wednesday.
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Rival technologies that baffle consumers  will run more companies out of business in the nascent music  download market than will head-to-head competition, one of the  lead creators of MP3 playback technology warned on Wednesday.
Jet Propulsion Lab -- A mountain-sized asteroid made its closest approach to Earth at 6:35 a.m. Pacific Time (9:35 a.m...
roundup Plus: Tech firms rally against copyright bill...Apple .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches...Alvarion expands wireless broadband in China.
Designed as a result of Microsofts ongoing collaborations with international governments, Windows XP Starter Edition Pilot Program is part of Microsofts comprehensive commitment to enable individuals, communities and countries to gain access to the 
The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
Digital musicians will have a few new riffs for their virtual production boards, at least those using the latest Apple software. Apple Computer on Wednesday announced new versions of its pro and midrange digital 
The DVD Forum has approved the physical disc specifications for the rewritable version of HD-DVDs (High Definition/High Density-DVDs), taking the format an important step nearer to mass production.
Since April, baseball fans attending San Francisco Giants home games at SBC Park have enjoyed wireless internet access if they bring a portable computer with them.
a pilot program targeting first-time and beginning computer users -- comes on the heels of a similar customized version for Russia.
Hackers are using porn images posted on Usenet newsgroups to take advantage of the flaw in Microsoft programs regarding JPEGs. An overflow occurs in the GDI JPEG decoder from malicious code in the JPEG.
Summary - (Sep 29, 2004) As predicted, Asteroid Toutatis made its closest approach to the Earth today, passing a mere 1.5 million km (930,000 miles) away from our planet - 4 times the distance from the Earth to the Moon.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Continuing its flirtation with open-source, Microsoft Corp. on Monday posted the code of a little-known collaboration application to open-source development site SourceForge.
AP - Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity."
SpaceShipOne, financed by Microsoft Corp. co-founder Paul Allen and built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan, rocketed 62 miles over the California desert, completing the first half of 
Microsoft has developed a cut-down version of Windows XP with a Hindi interface for the Indian market. The Indian version, which will be available early next year, will also feature help and training in Hindi.
Intel today launched its latest mobile Pentium chip designed for use in high-end desktop replacement laptops. The Pentium 4M 548 runs at 3.33GHz with 1MB Level 2 cache, and is built around Intel #39;s latest 90nanometre technology.
SPACE.com -  quot;My heart stopped \  here on the ground. quot;\  -- Erik Lindbergh
SPACE.com - An international team of scientists has found life on a Norwegian island.  No surprises there, but the successful field test of a collection of life-detection instruments may be a stepping stone for future endeavors to sniff out life on Mars.
 Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver's  assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever  points out road signs and warns against speeding.
Several St. Louis business people were on hand Wednesday to witness SpaceShipOne #39;s first attempt in its effort to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
A MANNED private rocketship burst through the Earth #39;s atmosphere into space today after a hair-raising ascent, putting it half-way towards winning a \$US10 million (\$13.
Microsoft Corp. is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential in a country where only about 1 percent of the 1 billion people own computers.
SpaceShipOne, on a quest to win \$10 million, spun unexpectedly as it rocketed toward space Wednesday, but apparently went into space for the second time.
An enigmatic humming sound made by the Earth may be caused by the planets stormy seas, suggests a new analysis. Japanese seismologists first described the Earths humming signal in 1998.
Apple has introduced two new Jam Packs for its popular GarageBand consumer music creation software today. These two new packs offer new instruments and loops for different genres.
SpaceShipOne landed safely on Wednesday in the California desert after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a 
Microsoft and Amazon.com have joined forces against perpetrators of phishing scams, filing a lawsuit against a Canadian company that they say ran a spamming campaign using Microsoft #39;s Hotmail services and forging Amazon #39;s name.
: MOJAVE, United States (AFP - A private manned rocketship blasted through the Earth #39;s atmosphere into space after a hair-raising corkscrew ascent on a flight aimed at capturing a 10-million-dollar prize.
Microsoft today released its third open-source offering called the FlexiWiki project on SourceForge.net. FlexWiki is a collaborative web-based authoring environment implemented on the Microsoft .
(CBS/AP) The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere again in an unexpectedly bumpy ride Wednesday in the first half of a bid to earn a \$10 million prize.
AP - Microsoft Corp. is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential in a country where only about 1 percent of the 1 billion people own computers.
NewsFactor - Voice-over-Internet provider VoIP, Inc. says it is in talks with some 70 smaller cable companies to provide them with wholesale Internet or VoIP-based phone service plans.
NewsFactor - A year after announcing it would migrate its Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows-run computers to Linux, the German city of Munich is expected to make the migration official. The city's council has scheduled a vote, which is anticipated to kick off the next phase of the Linux move.
InfoWorld - NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
Reuters - A strong earthquake and over 200\aftershocks struck central California on Tuesday, rattling a\large chunk of the state along the San Andreas Fault, but\causing little significant damage.
Reuters - Richard Branson is abandoning cyberspace\as he heads for outer space.
By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- The first private manned rocket recovered from a wild corkscrew roll on its ascent to soar to space and back Wednesday in a bid to earn a \$10 million prize...
By BILL KACZOR     PENSACOLA, Fla. (AP) -- Many of Florida's beaches have taken on a different look after this year's parade of hurricanes finished shifting, eroding or completely relocating tons of sand...
roundup Plus: Circuit City picks up AT #38;T Net phone plan...Tech firms rally against copyright bill...Apple .Mac customers suffer e-mail glitches.
Microsoft issues free tools to create business reports its Exchange and customer relationship management applications.
Experts say viruses don't pose a serious risk to handheld devices--yet.
SpaceShipOne, the Paul Allen-backed venture that #39;s attempting to take paying passengers into suborbital space for the first time, has completed the first leg of its effort to win a \$10 million prize.
Verizon will use Linksys phone adapters for its VoIP service, as the market for placing calls over the Net picks up momentum.
Software giant announces new tools for plugging digital cameras into PCs.
SanDisk's media player can be connected directly to a TV set to display still images and video clips taken by digital cameras.
NEW YORK - Hosted CRM (customer relationship management) evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer-service support functionality, launching a new Web site at Supportforce.com and announcing a batch of partnerships with top call center infrastructure vendors.
Application that claimed to "spam the spammers" caused much controversy.
By ABDULLAH SHIHRI    RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) -- Saudi Arabia's highest religious authority has barred the use of mobile phones with built-in cameras, blaming them for "spreading obscenity."    The edict, which follows a failed ban on the sale and import of the wildly popular devices, is the most sweeping attempt by any nation to prevent the voyeurism invited by the new technology.    Camera-equipped phones have caught on fast in parts of Asia, Europe and the Middle East - particularly in oil-rich Gulf countries - prompting complaints about privacy in places where people undress, "theft" of reading materials at book stores and newsstands, and corporate espionage by employees...
By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Using video cameras to record films in movie theaters would become a federal crime punishable by up to six years in prison under a bill passed Tuesday by the House.    The legislation, called the Piracy Deterrence and Education Act, also would make it easier for the Justice Department to prosecute Internet users who illegally distribute large amounts of music and other copyrighted works...
Google News Biased? Can Algorithms Take Sides?\\Danny Sullivan posted a thread at SEW forums named News Search  #038; Biases, where he points to an article written at OJR.org named Balancing Act: How News Portals Serve Up Political Stories. This blew my mind.\\The article discusses how Google News seems to be ...
Microsoft and Amazon.com are teaming up to sue a Canadian-based company that they say ran a phishing scheme.  quot;They are going to crush this guy legally, quot; Panda Software CTO Patrick Hinojosa Hinojosa gleefully observes.
(National) Sept. 29, 2004 - A British study shows as much as half of the Viagra sold on the Internet is not the real thing. Some of the pills have totally different ingredients.
TORONTO (CP) - Q9 Networks Inc., a provider of outsourced Internet services, says it will open a high-security data centre in Brampton, Ont.
InfoWorld - For the first time since 2002, Japan #39;s Earth Simulator is not the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
com September 29, 2004, 12:45 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
The past month has introduced an interesting new distribution that is based on the Gnome and Debian projects.  nbsp;Ubuntu Linux is the end-user-oriented distribution funded by Mark Shuttleworth's company Canonical.  nbsp;
Windows #39; JPEG vulnerability could be exploited by using Internet Explorer, a security firm claimed Wednesday, making the threat a potentially  quot;devastating quot; one.
LONDON - The Earth #39;s silent hum is created by interactions between the atmosphere, ocean and sea floor, researchers say. Planet Earth produces a deep, low frequency rumble far below the limit of human hearing.
A new international group of defense contractors and systems integrators plans to accelerate increased interoperability in network systems that serve the military, first responders and, eventually, commercial users.
Masala, an add-on to IBM's DB2 database, queries far-flung info sources on company networks.
New Silicon Graphics machine has a chance at giving Big Blue a run for the title.
Pilot Mike Melvill flew SpaceShipOne to the designated altitude, but on the return to Earth the craft rolled more than 30 times, causing concern on the ground.
Scams that use spoofed Web sites of banks and other trusted bodies pulled in a majority of U.S. surfers, a survey has found.
Apple on Wednesday announced Logic Pro 7 and Logic Express 7, the newest major releases of the company #39;s pro music creation and audio production software.
Despite a 1989 ban on the slaughter of elephants for their tusks, the illegal ivory trade is as brisk as ever. In an effort to step up efforts to protect elephants, researchers have been using genetic technology 
Salesforce.com Inc. took the next step in its evolution Wednesday, introducing a new site, Supportforce.com, that #39;s designed to provide on-demand call-center and customer-service software along 
AP - In a Sept. 28 story about the interception of drugs purportedly sent from Canada, The Associated Press reported erroneously that the medications had been ordered by Americans from the Web site www.CanadaRx.com. The drugs were ordered through www.CanadaRx.net.
Reuters - International Business Machines Corp.\has settled portions of an ongoing lawsuit related to pensions,\and will take a charge of  #36;320 million in the current quarter,\the technology company said on Wednesday.
Reuters - Scientists who created Dolly the sheep,\the world's first cloned mammal, applied for a license on\Tuesday to clone human embryos to obtain stem cells for\research into Motor Neurone Disease.
Although business intelligence software can yield major benefits for companies, a variety of challenges can arise during implementations, said users at the Business Intelligence Perspectives conference.
The most significant product advancement is Salesforce.com's newly released Telephony API tool kit, which allows its sales automation software to integrate with products from partners.
Compuware announced plans yesterday to release two new products: one to purge new applications of security vulnerabilities, and a second to test applications against common errors.
Travel and hospitality company Cendant Corp. today announced plans to acquire online travel vendor Orbitz.com for approximately \$1.25 billion.
Computer Associates International said today that it plans to cut 800 positions worldwide, or 5 of its workforce, in the hope of shaving \$70 million annually off its operating costs.
Citing sluggish sales, communications chip maker Agere Systems today said it will cut 500 jobs and sell or close a plant in Florida that employs 600 people.
Manufactured with a 90-nanometer process, Freescale's MPC8641D processor has two PowerPC e600 processor cores that run at clock speeds faster than 1.5 GHz and are connected by a high-speed interface.
IBM has assembled a 16,000-processor version of its BlueGene/L supercomputer, which on Sept. 16 edged out the Earth Simulator, built by IBM rival NEC, as the most powerful supercomputer on the planet.
Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac, including an increase in the amount of online data storage to 250MB.
BALTIMORE - While speakers at the EPCglobal Inc. U.S. conference Wednesday talked up the benefits of radio frequency identification (RFID), analysts watching RFID adoptions said many U.S. companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt the technology.
NEW DELHI: Microsoft will be launching substantially low-priced Windows XP Starter Edition in the Indian market early next year.
Sifting through millions of documents to locate a valuable few is tedious enough, but what happens when those files are scattered across different repositories?
AP - Computer Associates International Inc. announced a restructuring plan Wednesday that would reduce its work force by 800 people worldwide, saving the business software maker  #36;70 million annually once the plan is fully implemented.
MacCentral - The focus of Apple Computer Inc. executives was on music Wednesday as the Cupertino, Calif.-based company released new versions of its professional music creation software Logic, Logic Express and new Jam Packs for its consumer level application GarageBand. Research analysts feel that Apple's overall product strategy of offering multiple products from consumer to pro is sound.
Former executives from companies such as Sun Microsystems, BEA Systems, and Oracle this week are formally launching a venture called Cassatt, which is endeavoring to automate IT operations, leverage commodity hardware and software, and govern network compute cycles in a grid-like manner.
IBM CORP. announced Wednesday that it has created the most powerful computer ever, besting a Japanese machine that has held the world record for computing power for three years.
An unusually large toxic bloom of algae, which could poison humans and taint shellfish, has been detected in the ocean off the northwest coast of Washington state, oceanographers said on Wednesday.
Two leading midmarket CRM vendors released expansions of their platforms this week, branching further into the service side of CRM.
AP - IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company's potential liability at  #36;1.7 billion. The company previously had estimated a settlement could cost as much as  #36;6.5 billion.
AP - A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region.
Reuters - Drivers may soon have no excuse for\ignoring road signs.
\\The other day I blogged about setting up SSH proxies .  \\It turns out this is only 90 correct. You need to specify a timeout for the\'nc' command or they will block forever on your proxy machine and then you'll\run out of processes.\\The new command is \\"nc -w 60 h p "\
The latest machine for helping the Energy Department model nuclear explosions has become the world #39;s most powerful computer. An IBM Corp.
Vendor offers server, switch, and host-channel adapter bundle with increased I/O bandwidth, processing capability, and memory. By Larry Greenemeier.
Several speakers at this week's EPCglobal conference talked about how RFID tagging can help companies track products, cut down on theft and reduce supply chain costs. But analysts said U.S. companies are moving cautiously on the technology.
To modernize its venerable line of mainframe-based CICS middleware, IBM last week introduced an updated version of its CICS Transaction Server that enables IT to extend the product to work better with SOAs (service-oriented architectures) through Web services. With the release of CICS Transaction Server for z/OS Version 3.1, administrators can now integrate their traditional workloads to fully participate in an SOA.
Enterprise software takes an evolutionary step forward as Edge Dynamics and Tibco Software develop software that combines elements of both ERP and BI applications.
MOJAVE, Calif. - He was told to abort the bumpy flight, but the pilot of a spiraling space rocket stayed at it, and successfully flew into space and back.
MOJAVE (California) - SpaceShipOne, a privately built three-seat rocket plane, punched into space yesterday, moving a step closer to a US\$10 million (S\$17 million) civilian space prize.
The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind 
MOJAVE, CALIF. - A privately built and operated spacecraft roared out of the atmosphere on Wednesday with a historic flight that brings the team one step closer to winning a \$10-million US prize.
Microsoft Corp. and Amazon.com Inc., both influential companies, have joined hands in order to take legal action and persue spammers who are targetting these companies and their customers.
Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows 
Micron Technology Inc. (MU.N: Quote, Profile, Research) , the No. 3 computer memory chip maker, on Wednesday reported a quarterly profit on stronger pricing, reversing a year-earlier loss.
The US House of Representatives approved legislation Tuesday night that could put some peer-to-peer (define) file swappers in jail for up to five years.
Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
MOJAVE, California A test pilot returned successfully to Earth on Wednesday after a foray into space that was marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in about 16 seconds and he had to fight to regain control.
Scientists have solved the mystery of a global hum which has plagued them since it was discovered in 1998. The constant drone at low frequencies, well below the range of human hearing, shows up in seismic 
BALTIMORE--Radio frequency identification may be a hot topic among tech types these days, but proponents of the technology gathered here this week are keeping their exuberance in check.
A new version of the Pentium 4 aimed at the  #39;desktop replacement #39; market was introduced by Intel this week. The new chip is called the  quot;Mobile Intel Pentium 4 processor 548 quot; supports Hyper Threading Technology and runs at 3.33GHz.
Climbing to space like a winged corkscrew, SpaceShipOne successfully completed the first leg of its attempt for a \$10-million prize Wednesday in a flight marked by an unexpected series of rolls.
The giant potato-shaped asteroid 4179 Toutatis zoomed past earth just after 8:30 am Wednesday afternoon in the closest approach of any known asteroid of comparable size this century.
NEW DELHI: Microsoft has announced its simplified and low-priced version of Windows XP for India and has tied up with leading PC vendors including HCL, HP, Wipro and Acer to bring PCs at significantly lower prices.
Speaking at the annual Popkomm conference in Berlin, Germany, Apple vice-president of applications Eddie Cue told music executives that the company will expand the online iTunes Music Store 
BM plans to announce today that it will invest \$250 million over the next five years and employ 1,000 people in a new business unit to support products and services related to sensor networks.
An Apple exec has told Reuters that the company will be expanding its European iTunes Music Store in October. Vice president Eddie Cue told the news service 
Google Responds to Google News China Controversy\\Recently Google, in the own words, explained their position on operating in China and their censorship of certain news stories on the Chinese version of Google News. Google News has also been looked into in the United States because of political bias reports. Some ...
Martin Sargent has mixed humor and technology into an unlikely hit on G4techTVs "Unscrewed."
Vietnam is making a big push to turn itself into an outsourcing powerhouse.
Noise-reducing headphones, more svelte than they used to be, are not just for pilots any more.
SEATTLE -- A toxic algae bloom off the coast of Washington state has grown to about 30 miles wide, the largest and most potentially lethal algae yet found by scientists in the region.
Apple Computer increased the combined storage of its .Mac e-mail and iDisk services to 250 megabytes on Wednesday, following a trend by Yahoo and Google in 
The Hubble Space Telescope has produced a vivid portrait of the early days of the universe, when baby galaxies were forming and stars were just beginning to shine.
NewsFactor - A newcomer on the open source scene has received funding to expand operations and develop new product lines.
Orbitz Inc.'s shares surged nearly 31 percent Wednesday on news that Cendant Corp., the owner of the CheapTickets, Days Inn, Avis and Budget brands, had agreed to pay \$1.25 billion to acquire the third-largest online travel agency.
The Universe is not as violent a place as we thought, an Australian astronomer has found.  quot;Galactically speaking, things seem to be a little bit safer out there, quot; said Graham, whose research supports the idea 
With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems' Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company's Web site and call centers.
Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 percent of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows, industry research firm Gartner estimated in a report issued September 21.
Security experts have spotted the first attempts to create an Internet worm that propagates using instant messages and exploits a recently disclosed flaw in Microsoft software.
New NavOne offers handy PDA and Pocket PC connectivity, but fails to impress on everything else.
MOJAVE, California: SpaceShipOne landed safely in the California desert yesterday after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a \$10 million (BD3.
International Business Machines (IBM) Corp. announced that it has created world #39;s fastest computer that performs better and consumes 28 times less energy than a two time first place holder Japanese supercomputer.
The HD-DVD Promotion Group will facilitate exchanges of information among hardware companies, device manufacturers and content firms, and organize joint promotion of HD-DVD to support early product launches and market expansion.
InfoWorld - Gateway plans to overhaul its consumer PC lineup Thursday with new configurable models that will be sold exclusively through the company #39;s Web site and call centers.
InfoWorld - Although Linux may be shipping on a growing number of PCs sold in the emerging markets of Asia, Latin America, and Eastern Europe, about 80 percent of PCs shipped with the open source operating system this year will eventually run pirated versions of Windows, industry research firm Gartner estimated in a report issued September 21.
InfoWorld - With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems #39; Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
InfoWorld - Microsoft is bolstering BI and reporting features in both the existing SQL Server 2000 database and the planned SQL Server 2005 release.
AP - Mount St. Helens began rumbling more intensely Wednesday, prompting scientists to warn that a small or moderate eruption could happen in the next few days.
International Business Machines Corp (IBM) said it created the world #39;s fastest supercomputer and is using it as the model for smaller, less costly systems due next year that can handle trillions of calculations a second.
At just past 6:30 am Pacific Time today, the mountain-size asteroid came within four times the distance of the moon to the Earth - a comparative measurement 
Semiconductor company Silicon Image Wednesday announced its SteelVine Storage Architecture and Appliance for the personal video recorder market and small to midsized businesses.
The US House of Representatives passed a bill this week that could allow criminal charges to be brought against individuals who use file-swapping Web sites or networks.
MOJAVE: SpaceShipOne has landed safely in the California desert after a wild corkscrew-like ascent into space, and is now a step closer to a \$US10 million prize intended to boost commercial-space travel.
Theater critics reportedly were unimpressed with Hollywood actor Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of Cloaca at London #39;s Old Vic Theater.
Silicon Image #39;s new lower-cost storage appliance should be more palatable to small and midsize businesses. By Martin J. Garvey.
NEW DELHI: Microsoft said on Wednesday that starter edition of Windows XP (XP SE) operating system (OS) will be available in India from early 2005, a move that is expected to bring down prices of entry level PCs.
AP - Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance.
Reuters - California Gov. Arnold\Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have\required the state's employers to give workers written\notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being\monitored at work.
AP - Ignoring a warning to abort the flight, a test pilot took a stubby-looking rocket plane on a corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride past the edge of the atmosphere Wednesday, completing the first stage of a quest to win a  #36;10 million prize.
AP - The U.S. government is sending a team of 20 scientists to check out a report of unusual radiation readings that could be coming from a hydrogen bomb that was lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
AP - Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties. So Hymowitz got a grant, fetched a hammer and pounded away until he proved he was right.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger vetoed on Wednesday a bill that would have  required the state's employers to give workers written  notification if e-mail and other Internet activity is being  monitored at work.
Mobile operator 02 #39;s parent mmO2 has this morning announced the launch its third-generation European data network. The network will incorporate HSDPA (high-speed downlink packet access) technology and IMS 
roundup Plus: HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools...Circuit City picks up AT #38;T Net phone plan...Tech firms rally against copyright bill.
Hewlett-Packard is considering an expansion of its research operations in Puerto Rico for pharmaceutical work and other tasks.
Consulting firm reports that about 40 percent of Linux PCs will be modified to run an illegal copy of Windows.
At Baltimore pow-wow, hype over new electronic tracking technology is tempered by concerns about cost, privacy and quality.
CEO says demand for automated support and service drives addition to customer resource management products.
Hewlett-Packard says it is putting 300GB hard drives into storage devices and servers, with more products in October.
When Sir Laurence Olivier made the Old Vic in London the base of the embryonic National Theatre, he opened with Hamlet. Four decades later, Kevin Spacey, the film star, selected 
Three-quarters of wired Americans have noticed an increase in phishing incidents during the past few months, according to new data.
A federal agency examines forensic tools to help law enforcement extract data from handheld gadgets.\
Apple Computer is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in 
Four proponents of high-definition DVD technology will invite component manufacturers to join a group set up to help speed its commercialization, while Sony has confirmed that it will use blue lasers in its next Playstation console.
The private spacecraft SpaceShipOne briefly entered space above the California desert Wednesday, completing the first of two qualifying flights for the \$10 million X Prize.
Seeking to diversify beyond its sales-force-automation roots, Salesforce.com on Wednesday introduced a new on-demand call center and help desk application service called Supportforce.
SCIENTISTS believe they have finally worked out what makes the Earth sing. They have long been mystified by a constant deep drone, far below the range of the human ear, which has been picked up by seismic equipment.
With its new Ogo mobile device, AT amp;T Wireless says goodbye to voice traffic and embraces the IM-savvy youth market. For AT amp;T Wireless, talk clearly is overrated - which is why the wireless provider launched a device that doesnt make calls.
com September 29, 2004, 6:50 PM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
The Linux seller plans to release the Netscape Enterprise Suite as open-source software in a bid to expand beyond its core product.
The 0.85-inch diameter drive is a candidate for cell phone storage, but can the product compete against flash memory?
Subcommittee hears objections to, support for 411 wireless directory legislation.
BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
Gateway #39;s new 700GR desktop PC, based on a new chassis design that focuses on helping cool high-end processors and graphics cards, will be available this weekend at US retail stores.
PC World - BTX technology cools down the company's new 700GR desktop.
AP - IBM Corp. and plaintiffs challenging the legality of its pension plan agreed to a deal Wednesday that settles most claims and caps the company's potential liability at  #36;1.7 billion. The company previously had estimated that a settlement could cost up to  #36;6.5 billion.
International Business Machines Corp. said Wednesday it had agreed to settle most of the issues in a suit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue to appeal a key question while capping its liability at \$1.7 billion. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
It was dark and eerily quiet in the command center of Akamai Technologies Inc., a company whose mission of easing Internet traffic jams gives it a clear view of what's happening on the Internet.
Russia appears set to approve the Kyoto climate change treaty, which could lead to its adoption worldwide.
Despite a few tense moments, the SpaceShipOne rocket plane made a successful manned flight into space, putting it in the lead in the race to win the \$10-million Ansari X Prize.
The advent of space tourism is one step closer with the safe return this week of a private manned rocketship from the edge of space.
The search outfit boasts of making all the information in the world just a click away. These days that doesn #39;t seem to apply in China.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Hosted CRM evangelist Salesforce.com Inc. began a new branding campaign this week to draw attention to its customer service support functionality, launching a new Web 
Steven P. Jobs loves the Beatles. He plays the Liverpool quartet #39;s songs at Apple expositions, and the CEO of Apple Computer (AAPL ) has even compared his own management team to the Fab Four.
My weight has been up and down over the past several years.  I'd lose weight, but I'd have trouble keeping it off, and all the other problems that many people have.  Looking back on it, I find that one of my biggest problems is lack of discipline.  While I could keep myself under control for a while, that control would slip, and the weight would come back.    Over the past year, however, I have managed to find a diet plan which I have been successful with.  As with anything that works well, the progress has been slow, but it has been steady.  This diet plan is of my own devising, so your mileage may vary, but I think it's a lot of common sense that you've already heard anyway.
A private manned rocket soared into space for a second time yesterday, landing successfully after an unexpectedly bumpy ride that nearly meant an early end to the team #39;s bid to win a \$10 million prize.
IBM announced today that an IBM BlueGene/L supercomputer has surpassed NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan to become the world #39;s most powerful supercomputer.
Net phone service and retailer push misleading products on consumers, Sipphone charges.
Vivisimo has launched Clusty, a meta search engine with an impressive array of tools that helps you quickly find relevant results from a variety of information sources.
Wall Street, which forced Google, the Internet search engine, to lower the price of its shares sharply in its initial public offering in August, has decided that the company is worth a lot more today than it was then.
Rather than banning the phones outright, schools are capitulating to demands of parents and market realities, and allowing students to carry cellphones in school.
Someday, we may see Wednesday as being one of the most important dates in the history of aviation. The flight of  quot;SpaceShipOne, quot; however, seemed almost routine - at least until one thought about how miraculous it was.
A 25-year-old Kitchener, Ont. man is being sued again, this time by giants Microsoft and Amazon.com, for allegedly clogging cyberspace with fraudulent junk mail.
SourceLabs has raised \$3.5 million in a first round of funding from Ignition Partners and Index Ventures. The Seattle startup, which was founded earlier this year, will help companies integrate and deploy open source software.
AP - Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc.'s vaunted technology isn't the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
The first private manned rocket glided into space a second time and returned to Earth after recovering from a wild roll on its ascent on Wednesday in a bid to earn the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - California Gov. Arnold  Schwarzenegger on Wednesday vetoed three bills aimed at   boosting e-mail privacy at work as well as safeguard private  medical and financial data.
After SpaceShipOne and its veteran pilot survived a whirling, nail-biting ascent Wednesday, the pioneering team that pulled off the private space journey could be just days from a second trip that would guarantee a multimillion-dollar bounty.
When it comes to open-source issues, companies need a single throat to choke if something goes wrong, said Brad Silverberg of Ignition Partners, a venture capital firm based in Bellevue , Washington .
Automakers, SUV owners, and the federal government may balk at the state #39;s latest effort to curb air pollution. By Daniel B. Wood  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
Facing soft demand from major customers, semiconductor and software specialist Agere Systems said it will lay off 500 people and close three facilities to cut costs.
MOJAVE, Calif. A test pilot yesterday made a successful foray into space marked by a white-knuckle ascent in which his rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in 16 seconds.
washingtonpost.com - International Business Machines Corp. said yesterday that it agreed to settle most of the issues in a lawsuit over changes in its pension plans on terms that allow the company to continue to appeal a key question while capping its liability at  #36;1.7 billion.
AP - Stephanie Bradford isn't content with her daughter dissecting frogs in science class. She wants the students to cut into the hearts and eyes of moose, caribou, bear and other large game.
Vivisimo, an Internet search engine company, is introducing a service that is meant to lessen online information overload.
Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday.
A privately funded spacecraft appeared to rocket past its target altitude more than 60 miles above California #39;s high desert yesterday 
Theatre critics appeared less than impressed by Hollywood star Kevin Spacey #39;s debut as artistic director of London #39;s Old Vic Theatre.
ONE OF THE founders of the Web warned that the interweb was in danger of being stunted by patent hungry software companies. Tim Berners-Lee called on companies to resist the temptation to lock up key technologies by demanding royalty payments.
When Microsoft delivers the Beta 3 version of SQL Server 2005, formerly code-named  quot;Yukon, quot; it will carry a number of feature enhancements that weren #39;t available in the more broadly distributed Beta 2 version.
IBM has claimed unofficial bragging rights as owner of the worlds fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NECs Earth Simulator in Japan.
A CHINESE UNIVERSITY student has been sentenced to a year in jail for flogging porn on the internet. According to the state Xinhua news agency, the 22 year-old student, identified only by his surname Xie, was 
Microsoft (Quote, Chart) is expanding business intelligence capabilities in its database software with two free software service packs that augment the reporting capabilities in SQL Server 2000.
AFP - The 2004 presidential campaign has marked the coming of age for Internet 'blog' journals as a cutting edge political tool for raising cash and revving up political support.
On a rollicking flight into space early Wednesday, aircraft designer Burt Rutan #39;s rocket plane completed the first half of a bid to win a \$10 million prize for the first reusable, privately built spacecraft.
(CBS) Lets face it: I know I have a problem. A few years ago, I started converting all my music CDs into MP3 files (and AAC files for my iPod), and realize now that by any standard of sanity, Im clearly unwell.
WASHINGTON -- Tell Santa to hurry if you want him to bring CD or DVD burners and jukebox programs. By Christmas, such gifts might be threatened if Congress passes a new law to fight movie and music pirates.
Global warming is likely to produce a significant increase in the intensity and rainfall of hurricanes in coming decades, according to an analysis.
Tiny atomic clocks could be slipped into cellphones, hand-held computers and global positioning system receivers.
The magazine Chemical and Engineering News has started publishing movie reviews that focus on the accuracy of the science in the latest Hollywood releases.
MOJAVE, Calif. -- SpaceShipOne corkscrewed its way into space yesterday, succeeding in its first of two runs for the \$10 million X Prize, but not before prompting the event #39;s otherwise effusive commentator to drop an octave and utter,  quot;Uh-oh.
The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference yesterday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: getting the players 
In a blistering, heart-pounding flight that briefly appeared to be in jeopardy, a privately built spacecraft safely returned to Earth after soaring to the edge of space over the Mojave desert in California yesterday.
US computer giant IBM agrees a \$320m deal with older staff, who had argued that changes to its pension scheme left them worse off.
Scientists in the US fear a volcano in Washington state, near Seattle and Portland, could soon erupt after a surge in seismic activity.
The first privately funded manned rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition yesterday by soaring to an altitude of 
If you #39;re planning a PC purchase, you have to decide whether the time has come to let your graphics ride the PCI Express. The new standard replaces the PCI and AGP slots that connect graphics cards and other components to your PC.
MOJAVE, California -- The first private manned rocket to reach space soared toward the edge of the atmosphere again yesterday in the first half of a bid to earn a \$10-million US prize.
The first images crafted to contain a malicious program that can take control of a PC have been found on the net. Security experts have been expecting such images to turn up after Microsoft revealed a weakness 
AFP - Britain's Cable and Wireless is in talks to quit Japan by selling its money-losing Japanese unit to Softbank or an investment firm in Tokyo.
AP - The skeletal remains of 15 Aborigines are being returned home for reburial, nearly 90 years after a Swedish zoologist smuggled them out of Australia for display in a Stockholm museum.
Reuters - Russia hopes to launch three astronauts\to the International Space Station next month, setting a new\date after two postponements for technical reasons, space\officials said on Wednesday. Technical difficulties, including\problems with the docking system of the Soyuz craft, have twice\delayed blast-off from Russia's Baikonur cosmodrome in\Kazakhstan.
BT is looking again at price rises on wholesale broadband which have angered small net providers.
Mobile phone operator MMO2 raises its UK revenue growth target for this year as it gets more customers and existing users spend more.
Within this year, tech-savvy Koreans will be able to make and receive calls through Internet-enabled phones as you would do on regular phones, at a lower cost.
As he hiked up a steep trail winding into the Great Smoky Mountains National Park a few days ago, Don Barger reached into his pack, pulled out his cell phone - and turned it off.
The DVD Forum moved a step further toward the advent of HD DVD media and drives with the approval of key physical specifications at a meeting of the organisations steering committee last week.
Microsoft has added new business intelligence (BI) capabilities to SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005; according to an announcement today at the 2004 Professional Association for SQL Server community summit in Orlando, USA.
Indian PC users can expect to see a localized, stripped-down version of Microsoft #39;s XP operating system early next year. Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft plans to ship the low cost version of its PC operating 
After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
Beijing, Sept 30. (PTI): A 22-year-old university information technology student and another college student in east China #39;s Zhejiang province have been sentenced by Chinese courts for operating pornographic 
SEATTLE -- A toxic algae bloom almost 50 km wide has been detected off the northwest coast of Washington state, the largest and most potentially lethal yet found by scientists in the region.
AP - Microsoft Corp.'s five-year legal battle in Europe moved into a public courtroom for the first time Thursday as the software giant tried to get the European Union's landmark antitrust ruling against it lifted.
Reuters - Women could be faster 100-meter\sprinters than men by the 2156 Olympics, according to a study\on Wednesday.
Questions company's 'one country, one store' restriction
Internet access does not make adults more likely to take part in formal education, research suggests.
The Bush campaign is setting up an extensive war room to monitor Thursday's debate with John Kerry. The plan? Pounce on Kerry misstatements or exaggerations and send responses to thousands of partisan websites through a live feed. By Louise Witt.
A former sales rep for Diebold Election Systems becomes a county election official in California. She sold the state millions of dollars worth of untested machines, which led to a scandal. Critics are asking, 'What's wrong with this picture?' By Kim Zetter.
MTV -- whose videos killed the radio star -- knows a threat when it sees one. To keep people from abandoning TV for video games, it's making music videos with popular game characters strutting their stuff to the latest tracks. By Daniel Terdiman.
A committee hears testimony on the possible usefulness of stem cells and current research restrictions, but it's an argument that boils down to when human life begins. By Kristen Philipkoski.
A proud nerd puts her prefrontal cortex on the line to discover whether she's really a closet cool cat. By Jennifer Kahn from Wired magazine.
Despite a spectacular series of unplanned barrel rolls, SpaceShipOne completes the first of two compulsory flights that could net its developers the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. Dan Brekke reports from Mojave, California.
The dizzying array of file formats and anti-piracy options will hobble the burgeoning digital music business, says one of the developers behind the format that sparked the download revolution.
In the week when rumours of the Oqo launch have been buzzing, it #39;s a bit confusing to have AT amp;T announce something called Ogo.
Apple yesterday confirmed that it will open the promised pan-European version of its iTunes Music Store in October 2004. Speaking at the Popkomm show in Germany, Apple #39;s online and apps chief, Eddie Cue, said 
Cisco Systems Inc #39;s Linksys home networking division yesterday said it has made a deal with Verizon Communications to have Linksys kit used in Verizon #39;s VoiceWing voice over IP service.
InfoWorld - Former executives from companies such as Sun Microsystems, BEA Systems, and Oracle this week are formally launching a venture called Cassatt, which is endeavoring to automate IT operations, leverage commodity hardware and software, and govern network compute cycles in a grid-like manner.
SiliconValley.com - Former eBay President Jeff Skoll is challenging Silicon Valley to create an endowment to address local needs.
USATODAY.com - At least 30 national parks now sport cell phone towers or other antennas, according to a newly released partial inventory by the National Park Service. This list, the first of its kind, is evidence that phone companies are targeting America's national parks for business.
AFP - Japanese Internet firm Softbank said it aims to enter the mobile phone industry supplying third-generation (3G) services as more customers embrace the advanced technology.
USATODAY.com - Microsoft was expected to show up at a closed-door hearing before Europe's Court of First Instance in Luxembourg today to push for suspension of an order requiring the software giant to alter its flagship product.
After an unplanned  quot;victory roll quot; as SpaceShipOne climbed to more than 63 miles above Earth, civilian astronaut Mike Melvill glided the rocket plane to a safe landing Wednesday, putting his team in the lead to capture the \$10 million Ansari X Prize 
Sony Corp. #39;s PlayStation Portable, which goes on sale in Japan later this year and overseas next spring, boasts the superb image quality of its home-console counterpart.
The frenzied rhetoric about technology jobs going overseas has quieted in recent months. While doomsday predictions for the domestic tech industry have subsided, there's clearly a trend toward exporting some jobs.  &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A federal judge in New York ruled that a key component of the USA Patriot Act is unconstitutional because it allows the FBI to demand information from Internet service providers without judicial oversight or public review.
Today's young people do not need the technology education they are receiving to be successful in the 21st century, and there are growing indications that the high-tech lifestyle promoted by government and business may be harmful to them, a new report scheduled for release today  concludes.
For many people, using a non-Microsoft browser such as Firefox is now a must for secure Web surfing--but most still keep a copy of Internet Explorer around just in case.
A Japanese man died after a bite from his pet hamster caused anaphylactic shock, Mainichi Shimbun reports. Ther nameless forty-something succumbed after repeated bites from the animal sensitised his immune 
America #39;s new vision to regain a foothold on the moon and launch humans to Mars will require revolutionary technologies and a national tolerance for risk, danger and failure, NASA #39;s chief administrator said yesterday.
GATLINBURG, Tenn. - After months of planning, two alternative-fueled shuttle buses were added Tuesday to this Great Smoky Mountain tourist town #39;s transit fleet for a six-month demonstration.
Earth is about to gets its closest brush this century with a massive asteroid, a hurtling space rock astronomers say is big enough to cause global devastation if it were to collide with the planet.
Hitachi Global Storage Technologies and Hewlett Packard yesterday announced availability of what they claim are the industry #39;s first storage and server systems offering 300GB Fibre Channel and small computer system interface (SCSI) disk drive capacity.
A man died from asthma after being bitten several times by his pet hamster in a city north of Tokyo, the Mainichi Shimbun reported Tuesday.
Tucked away in Section 3032 and 3033 of H.R. 10, the 9/11 Recommendations Implementation Act of 2004, is an "anti-terrorist" provision that was never recommended by the 9/11 Commission. Indeed, it is the very opposite of a Commission recommendation - as noted in a critical press release about the bill from Rep. Edward Markey (D-MA), quoted here. The bill was introduced by House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-IL).    This provision retroactively establishes a loophole legitimising the practice of extraditing "suspected terrorists" to another country where torture is legal or unprosecuted, for the purpose of having them tortured there.
Microsoft begins a legal bid to have a European Commission anti-monopoly ruling temporarily suspended.
More data now passes through the UK's key net hub in London than any other on the planet.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Global semiconductor sales rose 1.1  percent to \$18.2 billion in August from the previous month and  it appears as though chip inventories are declining, an  industry trade group said on Thursday.
Microsoft Corp told a judge on Thursday that the European Commission must be stopped from\ordering it to give up secret technology to competitors. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Reuters&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Tom Jarrett, the new president of the National Association of State Chief Information Officers will discuss challenges facing state government information technology officials. Filter columnist Cynthia L. Webb will moderate the discussion.
Former MP3 impresario Michael Robertson tells CNET News.com's Michael Kanellos why "free" need not be a dirty word.
Despite a literally screwy launch, the spacecraft pulls off a successful flight, leaving one more between it and \$10 million.
India reports success, while Venezuela fears fraud. What can the United States learn?
Regardless, space competitions are poised to become big business.
Microsoft Corp. asked a judge to suspend the European Commission's antitrust ruling against it on Thursday, arguing that secrets revealed now cannot be retracted.
With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc.'s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
The Hitachi Ultrastar 10K300 Fibre Channel drive will be offered in the HP StorageWorks Enterprise Virtual Array (EVA), and the Ultrastar 10K300 SCSI drive will go in HP #39;s ProLiant servers and StorageWorks Modular Smart Array (MSA) family, the vendors said 
A group of industry veterans are aiming to become the  quot;Dell of the software industry quot; by creating a company dedicated to supporting Open Source software.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft asked a European Union  judge Thursday to freeze a European Commission order forcing it  to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the  software giant used to provide such information freely.
Most of the extrasolar planets discovered to date are gas giants like Jupiter, but their orbits are either much closer to their parent stars or are highly eccentric. Planet hunters are on the verge of confirming the discovery of Jupiter-size planets with Jupiter-like orbits. Solar systems that contain these "good" Jupiters may harbor habitable Earth-like planets as well.
Mojave, Calif. - A team of pilots and aerospace engineers on Wednesday took the first step toward a \$10 million prize by sending its rocket plane 64 miles above the Mojave Desert.
A new start-up offering certification, testing and distribution of existing open-source software could become the Dell of the software industry.
 quot;Burt Rutan and Paul Allen and the rest of the team are great examples of the kind of determination and creativity that is helping America achieve its exploration goals, quot; Administrator O #39;Keefe said.
IF YOU know of any good value IT sales (auctions, rebates, one-off, clearance, surplus, classified ads) going around in the United Kingdom, France, USA or Singapore, don #39;t hesitate to contact me, at least 24 hours before the sales end.
In what has become an annual ritual, Forbes Magazine has released its "400 Richest in America", a list of the wealthiest in a land which is simultaneously revered and reviled for its wealth. Between the lines are some suprisingly revealing truths about what it takes to be rich in America.
Microsoft announced that Windows XP Starter Edition would be made available here early next year and at the same time Gartner has sent out a warning about XPSE.
WINSLOW, ARIZ. - By 6:45 on a chilly desert evening, a deep indigo sky has squeezed what remains of the day into thin lines of pink and turquoise twilight along the horizon.
With the next-generation DVD race hotting up, Sony says that it will begin sampling optical pick-ups featuring blue laser diodes in December this year.
While digital music revenues will grow to be eight per cent of the total European music market by 2009, the CD will remain the bedrock of music sales, according to a new report by market analysts Jupiter Research.
Nortel Networks Corp., North America #39;s biggest maker of phone equipment, said it will pare 3,250 jobs, 250 fewer than it had predicted last month.
AFP - Mobile telephone operator mmO2 raised its forecasts for British revenue growth but would not be drawn on an exact date for the launch of third-generation services in its domestic market.
PC World - More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
MOJAVE, Calif. The builders of SpaceShipOne are trying to decide whether to proceed with another flight into space next week to win the 10 (m) million dollar X Prize.
Apple has announced it is to open a multi-nation European iTunes shop sometime in October. The computer manufacturer #39;s vice-president of applications, Eddie Cue, made the announcement yesterday at the Popkomm conference in Berlin.
The Forum also approved the format #39;s logotype, which will now read as  #39;High Density #39; DVD rather than  #39;High Definition #39;.
The adage in space science is that one person's noise is another's signal. When the sun temporarily blocked Earth-Mars links, the orbital and surface science went into a deep sleep to protect from noise becoming a errant signal...
Today's close passage of the relatively large asteroid, Toutatis, has presented astronomers with a new ruler to measure solar system distances. By using two telescopes separated by hundreds of miles, the classic parallax method validates the asteroid's orbital path...
CFHT -- Twenty-five years ago, on September 28, 1979, the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope (CFHT) was inaugurated on top of Mauna-Kea, a 4,200-meter high dormant volcano on the island of Hawaii.     From the photographic emulsion of the first light to today's 340 Mega-Pixel digital camera, CHFT's instruments are cutting edge; its camera is the largest ever built in operation on a telescope...
Johnson Space Center -- It will be drilling for information first, then for resources, though oil is not likely to be among exploration targets.     The futuristic drilling rig, under development at NASA's Johnson Space Center (JSC), Houston, is designed for use on the moon or on Mars...
NASA -- A NASA-funded study has found the human body's ability to fight off disease may be decreased by spaceflight. The effect may even linger after an astronaut's return to Earth following long flights...
By LAURAN NEERGAARD    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A tiny tent-like device implanted into the heart appears to block strokes caused by a common irregular heartbeat, sealing off a spot where dangerous blood clots form, German and U.S. researchers reported Wednesday...
WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Food and Drug Administration will examine clinical trial data for thousands of depressed adults to see if they, like children, suffered increased suicidal thoughts and behaviors while taking antidepressants.    Dr...
By JIM PAUL    URBANA, Ill. (AP) -- Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties...
Scientists warn that a small or moderate blast could spew ash and rock as far as three miles from the crater around Mount St. Helens in the next few days. The volcano began rumbling more intensely Wednesday.
&lt;strong&gt;Analysis&lt;/strong&gt; Only slightly if at all
The UK firm behind a space tug designed to extend the lifetimes of satellites, says it is confident of closing a deal on a commercial flight.
More PCs run the alternative OS, but many will end up with a pirated version of Windows, report says.
Company also unveils a device that allows digital photographers to bypass the PC.
Attack largely unsuccessful, but security experts warn of more to come.
The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
California - The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to the sky next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize.
NEW YORK, Sep 30, 2004 (Kyodo via COMTEX) -- International Business Machines Corp. has developed the world #39;s fastest supercomputer, US media reported Wednesday.
com September 30, 2004, 4:00 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
SanDisk this week announced a series of CF (CompactFlash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8GB version of its Ultra II CF Type 1 flash memory card.
Kern County -- The first privately funded rocket to reach space completed the first half of a \$10 million flight competition Wednesday by soaring to an altitude of 64 miles -- but only after enduring a white-knuckle series of barrel rolls.
IBM yesterday announced that a prototype supercomputer had surpassed the computing power of the NEC Earth Simulator in Japan, currently the world #39;s most powerful machine.
Sony Corp. next week will launch a marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download store, its latest effort to derail the 
AFP - US consumers and businesses have lost an estimated 500 million dollars to a relatively new Internet scam known as  quot;phishing, quot; according to a survey released this week.
MacCentral - When Sky Captain -- hero of Paramount Pictures' hit film "Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow" -- swooped out of the sky in his P-40 Warhawk and protected New York City from an army of giant robots, he wasn't just convincing moviegoers to suspend their disbelief. He also helped convince visual effects supervisor Darin Hollings that Macs could carry the load just as easily as, or better than, the UNIX-based SGI and Linux-based PC workstations he previously used.
Reuters - Microsoft asked a European Union\judge Thursday to freeze a European Commission order forcing it\to share technology with competitors, but a rival said the\software giant used to provide such information freely.
USATODAY.com - A softball tech question: Can you name the innovator whose gorgeously distinctive products earn praise from reviewers and almost cultish devotion from customers? The answer: Apple Computer.
Reuters - An unusually large toxic bloom of\algae, which could poison humans and taint shellfish, has been\detected in the ocean off the northwest coast of Washington\state, oceanographers said on Wednesday.
AP - The Institute of Medicine had recommendations for several groups to help stem childhood obesity:
&lt;strong&gt;Interview&lt;/strong&gt; Anoop Gupta
 BERLIN (Reuters) - Sony Corp. next week will launch a  marketing blitz in Europe for its new Connect music download  store, its latest effort to derail the runaway momentum of  Apple Computer's iTunes service.
Reuters - AT T Corp  on Thursday said it\was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling\service by  #36;5 per month, matching the price from several other\suppliers.
InfoWorld - If Microsoft Corp. had any hope of seeing Munich back away from its landmark decision last year to abandon Windows software in favor of open source Linux, that hope faded Wednesday when city officials decided to move ahead with their migration project.
AP - Eugene Cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final Apollo landing, said Thursday he doesn't expect space tourism to become reality in the near future, despite a strong demand.
Reuters - SpaceShipOne completed the first\leg of its bid for a  #36;10-million civilian space prize with a\wild corkscrew-like ascent into space above the California\desert on Wednesday.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=T.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said it  was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling  service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other  suppliers.
Who says the Constitution doesn't apply to the Internet?  One of the most controversial provisions of the USA Patriot Act took a blow yesterday, courtesy of the ACLU and a federal judge in New York. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Nortel Networks Corp. gave details of a previously announced job cut program Thursday, saying it is cutting 1,400 in the United States by next June.
Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance.
US scientists fear a surge in activity at the Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state might be a sign it is on the verge of erupting.
MARK COLVIN: Space travel is a childhood dream, but today it got a little closer to adult reality, for the wealthy, at any rate. The prototype private space vessel  quot;SpaceShipOne quot; made a mostly successful manned test flight over the American Mojave Desert.
Currently, the NEC-assembled Earth Simulator in Yokohama, Japan is ranked at number one, with its 5,120 processors recording an operating speed of 35.
Microsoft has named India as the next market for its stripped-down version of XP, with shipping expected to begin early next year.
Every week, it seems, I see another announcement about one of the two competing blue-laser-based optical disc formats. The latest news is from the HD-DVD camp.
Just over a year ago, the recording industry unleashed its first barrage of lawsuits against people who share music online - a move that appeared to curtail illegal file swapping briefly.
Hoping to find the same success in the contact center as it found with the sales force, Salesforce.com today added Supportforce.com to its application arsenal.
The plaintive plea to the traffic cop is the same the world over: Sorry officer, I didnt know I was speeding. But drivers may soon have to come up with a better excuse.
Thanks to digital cameras, picture taking has been revitalized. At this year #39;s Photokina, the world #39;s largest photography trade fair, digital cameras dominate the picture.
Cisco #39;s Irvine-based Linksys division has announced new relationships with a number of other companies. Linksys said that it has signed an agreement with Verizon to include the company #39;s VoIP phones in its services.
Nortel reduced layoffs by 250, as the company details plans to cut expenses
The company on Thursday will take the wraps off three new configurable desktops.
If Microsoft Corp. had any hope of seeing Munich back away from its landmark decision last year to abandon Windows software in favor of open source Linux, that hope faded Wednesday when city officials decided to move ahead with their migration project.
Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape's remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp.'s Security Solutions unit.
European supermarket chain Tesco is planning to extend its RFID rollout in time for the Christmas rush. The company, which began using the tracking technology in October last year, will be introducing the 
If you are an equipment manufacturer, parts supplier or content provider, the question has unquestionably been posed to you before.
The packaging and shipping company plans to upgrade readers it #39;s testing to the next-generation, multiprotocol technology. By Elena Malykhina.
AP - India's space agency said Thursday its removal from a U.S. export restriction list earlier this month could result in a threefold import increase of high technology equipment from the United States.
AP - Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger has signed separate legislation designed to combat spyware and the illegal online swapping of copyright material.
AP - Toshiba Corp. has a new flat-panel TV that delivers clear imagery comparable to the old-style cathode-ray tubes by using similar beam-emitting technology.
FT.com - Cable and Wireless, the UK based telecommunications group, is in talks with Softbank and MKS Partners, a private equity group, about selling its Japanese operations, in a move that would represent a retreat from the market.
InfoWorld - Red Hat Inc. has gone scavenging among Netscape #39;s remains, agreeing Thursday to pay America Online Inc. (AOL) up to  #36;23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications Corp. #39;s Security Solutions unit.
InfoWorld - Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
AP - Russia's Cabinet approved the Kyoto Protocol on global warming Thursday, clearing the way for the worldwide adoption of the pact  #151; despite U.S. opposition  #151; once the Russian parliament ratifies it as expected.
Reuters - An acne-like rash is good news for colon\cancer patients because it shows that a targeted therapy for\the disease is working, Belgian scientists said on Thursday.
Test pilot makes successful foray into space on rocket ship. But there was some drama... THE spectators on the ground gasped as the rocket ship rolled at least 16 times in about 16 seconds.
com. Back in the mid- #39;90s, they called it the Browser Wars: Netscape Navigator vs. Microsoft Internet Explorer. But that score was settled long ago, when America Online ironically bought 
Sharp will make its first play for the living room PC space later this year with a machine that looks less like a computer and more like a consumer electronics product.
AT amp;T Wireless says its new Ogo messaging device is meant to create an entirely new category of users.  quot;Ogo doesn #39;t pretend to be  #39;all things to all people, #39; and is not bogged down by hardly 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Linux vendor Red Hat Inc. is adding security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to its software arsenal through a deal with America Online Inc.
washingtonpost.com - The Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution prohibits the government from conducting "unreasonable searches" of our "persons, houses, papers, and effects" without a warrant.  The First Amendment, of course, protects our right to free speech.
Reuters - A measure that would make it easier\to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus\failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers\said there was too much opposition.
The supercomputer, Blue Gene/L, is faster than NEC Corp. #39;s Earth Simulator, which had been the world #39;s fastest with its ability to sustain speeds of 35.
Microsoft has tailored its Windows XP Starter Edition for the Indian market, giving it a Hindi interface, as well as help and training resources in that language.
New York  Reuters News Service, 30 September 2004 - IBM said yesterday that it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer claimed the title two years ago.
What #39;s missing in Microsoft IE? Published: September 30, 2004, 4:00 AM PDT By Paul Festa Staff Writer, CNET News.com Print story E-mail story Your take.
Australian scientists have invented an electronic driver #39;s assistant system, similar to the back-seat driver who forever points out road signs and warns against speeding.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A measure that would make it easier  to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus  failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers  said there was too much opposition.
Scientists believe they have tracked down the origin of a low-frequency "hum" that emanates from the Earth.
roundup Plus: Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research...HP also uses Hitachi drives in servers, storage...Microsoft boosts reporting tools.
Sun releases Java 2 Standard Edition 5.0, intended to make Java programs run faster and take less time to build.
Tesco will use the technology in more stores, focusing this time on tracking cases and pallets, rather than individual items.
A century-old tariff should not be extended to Internet phone calls, the companies say.
Will invest \$30 million on bringing software developers in five Asian countries into their fold.
New Windows-based computer doubles as a TV and a digital video recorder.
By DAN DeLORENZO    NEW YORK (AP) -- Compact speakers for personal music players have been around since the original Walkman. Now that mini-hard drive music machines can hold your entire collection, the product category is back with a vengeance...
By MICHAEL LIEDTKE    SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Online search engine upstart Vivisimo Inc. is setting out to persuade the masses that Google Inc...
The world #39;s first private astronaut, South African-born Mike Melvill, was jubilant as he returned safely from a harrowing roller-coaster ride into space that stopped the hearts of onlookers.
Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Starter Edition, which is aimed at desktop PCs in developing-world markets, is to be made available in India and Russia.
Scientists have long known that the Earth rings like a giant bell after large earthquakes - albeit a bell that no one could ever hear - due to slight deformations that leave the planet jiggling like a bowl of Jell-O.
com September 30, 2004, 8:02 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
More than three out of four (76 percent) consumers are experiencing an increase in spoofing and phishing incidents, and 35 percent receive fake e-mails at least once a week, according to a recent national study.
How Much Page Does Yahoo Search Index?\\One of the lesser-discussed facets of Web searching is the spidering limits of search engines. Even if a search engine is a full-text engine, it may not search the entirety of a given page if it's too large. In Google's case the limit is ...
Vivisimo Launches New Clutsy Search Engine\\Vivisimo has launched a new search engine, Clusty. I'm going to get in a lot of trouble because I keep wanting to type "Crusty" instead of "Clusty" but let's continue anyway. You can get it at http://www.clusty.com ; as you might suspect it's in beta.\\Clusty ...
In the age old battle between open source and closed source operating systems and applications, can either of them really be considered more secure than the other?
 #147;This latest head turner manages to better its clever predecessor in design  #151; no small achievement, #148; writes Edward C. Baig for Forbes.com.  #147;The back of the computer is elegant in its simplicity. You can loosen three captive screws to remove the cover to add, say, extra memory, or a wireless AirPort networking card. #148; Sep 30
AFP - NTT DoCoMo, the top cellular phone operator in Japan, unveiled what it calls the nation's first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
AFP - US software giant Microsoft is looking closely at whether it is worthwhile continuing to attend CeBIT, the world's biggest high-tech and computer trade fair, in future, the head of Microsoft Germany Juergen Gallman said.
Patent office rejects one of four patents on File Allocation Table format for Windows, though Microsoft can appeal.\
Scientists believe they have pinpointed the origin of a low frequency  quot;hum quot; that emanates from the Earth. The noise - which can be picked up in the two and seven mHz (millihertz) range - occurs far below the 
 quot;We are well on pace to launch more EU stores. We will do it next month, quot; Eddie Cue, Apple #39;s vice president of applications, told music executives at the annual Popkomm conference in Germany.
Red Hat kicked off its analyst day in New York today by announcing its was going to acquire parts of the Netscape Enterprise solution from AOL.
IBM Corp. said Wednesday it will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action dispute about changes made in the 1990s to its pension plan.
Application developers are getting a raft of new options this week with Sun updating J2SE, Borland upping its CORBA ante, and Compuware detailing products that will work with Microsoft's Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Linux reseller Red Hat said Thursday it was buying some Netscape assets from America Online for \$20.5 million in cash. The Raleigh-based company said it would acquire Netscape Directory Server and Netscape 
Microsoft on Wednesday unveiled new and reworked business-intelligence tools that provide capabilities ranging from self-service report building for non-techs to mining information from data flows outside of a database.
Microsoft unveiled plans Wednesday to integrate business intelligence reporting into the next version of SQL Server, placing new reporting tools in the hands of end users.
Microsoft will begin offering less expensive versions of its Windows operating system on personal computers sold in Russia and India as part of a broader pilot program to test how it can get a better foothold in developing markets.
AT amp;T Corp. (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services 
SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK) yesterday introduced the worlds fastest flash memory cards - the SanDisk Extreme III line of CompactFlash SD and Memory Stick PRO digital film cards.
 quot;A stinker quot; - Daily Telegraph;  quot;underwhelming quot; - the Independent;  quot;brackish quot; - Michael Billington: Kevin Spacey was yesterday soaking up the critics #39; verdicts on his British directorial debut, Cloaca, which is also the first play of his reign as artistic 
When Scott Richards is at his home in Portland, Ore., he taps into the Internet using a broadband connection from his office about five miles away.
Flash memory company SanDisk is offering a one-two punch with new CF, Memory Stick, and SD cards offering greater speed and capacity.
Starting tomorrow, AT amp;T Corp. will sell its residential VoIP service for \$5 less than an earlier promotional offer as it prepares for the holiday sales season.
IBM has a new supercomputer which is currently world #39;s fastest. The new Blue Gene/L is capable to do 36.01 teraflops. The ex world #39;s fastest supercomputer, the Earth Simulator from NEC, is able to do 35.
com September 30, 2004, 11:11 AM PT. SanDisk announced Thursday increased capacities for several different flash memory cards. The Sunnyvale, Calif.
Reuters - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone\provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for\their residential Internet calling services by  #36;5 per month,\the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
Red Hat to incorporate Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System into products to help customers integrate desktops with a networkwide set of computing services.
AP - Being the biggest dog may pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large may be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
Reuters - Mount St. Helens could erupt within\days, government scientists said on Wednesday, raising the\alert after movement in the volcano's lava crust was detected\following a week of small earthquakes.
AP - The government will begin issuing forecasts Friday of red tides  #151; harmful blooms of algae  #151; in the Gulf of Mexico.
Up until recently I have been a staunch supporter of the CBC, it's ideals, the reason for it's existence. However, recent events have made me question whether or not this once fine institution has fallen victim to the ruthless grasp of corperate greed in North America.
\\Whats wrong with this picture?\\All these URLs return HTTP 200 0K.  The only problem is that none of them\actually exist and they're just HTML error pages.\
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephone  provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for  their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,  the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
The EU and environmental groups hail the Russian cabinet's decision to back the Kyoto climate change treaty.
Companies brace for privacy debate as potentially intrusive applications arrive faster than expected.
roundup Plus: SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards...Google tests Froogle in U.K....Senate postpones vote on file-swapping bill...HP may expand Puerto Rican research.
A jury decides the Office technology doesn't impose on another software maker's patent.
U.S. Postal Service refuses to extend Stamps.com's PhotoStamps customized stamp service.
roundupThere's no question retailers love RFID. But will problems of privacy and unreliability prove to be too great?
Company boosts John Chambers' base salary to \$350,000--up from a mere \$1. 
Lucent hopes Riverstone's Ethernet switches and routers will help it round out its product lineup.
Robert Pepper is the FCC's chief of policy development--and that makes him a very influential man in Washington these days.
In an attempt to spark growth in its Net phone offer, the company reduces rates and offers new customers a month free.
Company quadruples the amount of storage on its Ultra II line of cards.
Glitches in the new edition of the personal finance software keep some folks from paying their bills.
NTT DoCoMo unveils a prototype micro fuel cell that recharges mobile phones.
Reuters - A recording-industry trade group\said on Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against\762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over\Internet "peer to peer" networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
FT.com - Several private equity companies and a mobile phone operator, MMO2, have expressed interest in buying all or part of NTL's television and radio broadcasting business ahead of an October 11 deadline for first-round bids, according to people familiar with the deal.
NewsFactor - Networking specialist Linksys has rolled out a collection of new Wi-Fi\gear for home systems, featuring a line of dual-band 802.11a/g products,\and announced that the company has inked a deal with Verizon to provide\Internet calling equipment.
AOL Instant Messenger message directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous images.
Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named Mustang and expected in Spring 2006.
Just three days after launching the anti-spam initiative  quot;Make Love Not Spam quot; to worldwide publicity, Lycos Europe officially pulled the plug on the plan.
The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return next week to the sky in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight 
Computer giant IBM announced this week that it has developed the world #39;s fastest computer, putting it back on top after a Japanese supercomputer claimed the title some two years ago.
Red Hat has gone scavenging among Netscape #39;s remains, agreeing to pay America Online up to \$23 million in cash for the assets of Netscape Communications #39; Security Solutions unit.
Apparently, the same things that makes large, toothy predators so good at hunting big game also make them more vulnerable to extinction - as is shown in a new study of a 
Future online entrepreneurs could log on to see business plans, marketing documents, and other documents from dot-coms launched in the  #39;90s.
Online shoppers using PayPal to pay for goods on eBay (Quote, Chart) will now get up to \$1,000 of coverage for non-delivery of items, thanks to an expansion of the company #39;s buyer protection program.
With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc. #39;s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.
A recording-industry trade group says it has filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
MacCentral - With its eyes on the future of home entertainment and a relatively uncluttered band of radio spectrum, Cisco Systems Inc.'s Linksys division on Wednesday unveiled a line of IEEE 802.11g/a wireless LAN products.
PC World - Linux maker acquires security, authentication tools from AOL.
InfoWorld - Fresh from introducing a major upgrade to the Java platform, Sun Microsystems officials on Thursday revealed some details of the next release of Java, code-named  #8220;Mustang #8221; and expected in Spring 2006.
Reuters - Illegal poaching and demand from\Western zoos are fueling the extinction of the Asian elephant,\animal welfare groups said Thursday.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=T.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;T.N&lt;/A&gt;  and Internet  telephone provider Vonage on Thursday said they were cutting  prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5  per month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the  nascent market.
Day one of a two-day hearing focuses on whether the software juggernaut should have to share information with rivals.
Security company Digimarc gets \$1 million to push state drivers' licenses with "covert watermarks."
A note sent through AOL's popular instant-messaging software directs victims to Web sites that host the dangerous graphics.
Upcoming Pentium 4 Extreme Edition chips will support a 1066-MHz front-side bus.
Reuters - Online DVD rental service Netflix Inc.\and TiVo Inc., maker of a digital video recorder, on Thursday\said they have agreed to develop a joint entertainment\offering, driving shares of both companies higher.
MOJAVE, CALIF: Completing the first leg of a quest for a \$10 million prize, a test pilot took a privately financed plane past the cusp of space on Wednesday morning in a flight that had equal measures of white-knuckle moments and triumph.
An announcement that AT amp;T would drop its prices for its VoIP CallVantage Service, its popular residential broadband phone service, from \$34.
Beaverton-based Digimarc Corp. and the federal government have entered into an ID authentication pilot project the company said is worth about \$1 million.
Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
 SAN FRANCISCO/TAIPEI (Reuters) - From Taiwan to Texas, the  specter of record-high oil prices has dampened expectations for  corporate technology spending, though some well-placed  companies such as low-cost computer maker Dell Inc. could be  spared, analysts said on Thursday.
AT amp;T has lowered the price of its CallVantage telephone service to \$29.99 per month. It includes unlimited local and long distance calling within the US and Canada.
MELBOURNE, Australia - Koalas are considered in danger of extinction in parts of Australia, but in one southern state authorities plan to implant 2,000 of the furry marsupials with contraceptives to control their numbers.
com September 30, 2004, 12:52 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
The software maker has filed a claim over its per-employee pricing plan, highlighting the tech industry's increasing focus on patents, News.com has learned.
update A price war is brewing in the world of Internet telephone services, as providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
In a heavy blow to Microsoft #39;s intellectual property rights, the US Patent and Trademark Office has initially rejected Microsoft #39;s patent claims on the universally popular FAT (file allocation table) file system.
Fast on the heels of its announcement that Russia would be the fourth of five countries in a pilot program of a low-cost, limited-functionality version of Windows XP, Microsoft named India as the fifth country.
Red Hat CEO Matthew Szulik, in a statement the company issued, said the assets have  quot;tremendous longterm strategic value for the open source industry quot; and his company.
AT amp;T Corp (TN: Quote, Profile, Research) on Thursday said it was lowering the price on its CallVantage Internet calling service by \$5 per month, matching the price from several other suppliers.
A measure that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks like Kazaa and Morpheus failed to advance in the Senate on Thursday because lawmakers said there was too much opposition.
The US Patent and Trademark Office has preliminarily rejected a Microsoft Corp. patent on a system for recognizing computer files, a victory for  quot;open source quot; advocates who believe 
PLAYSTATION 3 will use the Blu-ray Disc format, while a new, slimmer PlayStation 2 will go on sale internationally early in November.
Oscar-winning film actor Kevin Spacey received some hostile reviews as he launched his first season at the helm of London #39;s famous Old Vic theater with  quot;Cloaca, quot; a play about four men in the throes of a mid-life crisis.
AP - If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
Yesterday we reported that the Senate Judiciary Committee would be taking up the Induce Act once again. They did so this morning, and the bill failed to advance because of strong opposition from the technology 
Sandisk increased capacities and bandwidths of its CompactFlash product line. The cards are now available with up to eight GByte of space and twice the data transfer speed of the previous generation.
Reuters - Online DVD rental service Netflix Inc.\ and TiVo Inc., maker of a digital video\recorder, on Thursday said they have agreed to develop a joint\entertainment offering, driving shares of both companies\higher.
Reuters - Charles Darwin would have had to wait\decades for his own "natural selection" as a Nobel prize winner\and Stephen Hawking might never get one, if his physics\theories are not proved or widely accepted in his lifetime.
SPACE.com - A flurry of space tourism milestones and announcements in recent days signals that human spaceflight is shifting from governments to the private sector, space experts say.
SPACE.com - The leader of a Canadian team preparing to launch a piloted rocket into suborbital space is committed to making the spaceflight, even as hopes to win an international private space race appear to be slipping away.
More than a third of those surveyed said they had a greater chance of being struck by lightning than of being hit by malicious code.
The Internet phone service providers try to win over consumers who now have a host of options when it comes to making calls.
Man pleads guilty to spamming people through unprotected hot spots, again raising concerns about risks of open-access Wi-Fi.
TiVo CEO Mike Ramsay resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency recently rolled out an Intranet that has helped it handle overflow processing for hurricane disaster relief.
A router and clients for both notebooks and desktops can provide Wi-Fi connectivity over either of two unlicensed radio bands.
A European Court judge today pressed Microsoft to explain how it would suffer irreparable harm if it follows EU orders to share technology with competitors, but offered no clues as to how he'll rule.
FedEx said today that it will use software from Opsware Inc. to help it make the most of its IT resources.
A European Court judge today pressed Microsoft to explain how it would suffer irreparable harm if it follows EU orders to share technology with competitors, but he offered no clues as to how he will rule.
IBM will take a \$320 million charge this quarter to settle some claims and cap its liability on others in a long-running class-action fight over changes made to its pension plan in the 1990s.
The U.S. Postal Service wants Stamps.com to stop taking orders for its PhotoStamps program, which allows customers to print individualized photos on stamps, pending a review of the program.
Germany's third-largest city decided to equip 14,000 computers with Linux and other open-source office apps, despite concerns about patent infringements raised in the debate over new European Union patent laws.
Two carriers plan hosted, IP-based services that provide automatic call distribution, interactive voice response, call control, monitoring and customer-history databases.
Red Hat Inc. is adding Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System to its software arsenal through a \$25 million deal with America Online Inc.
Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by U.S. patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday. Meanwhile, it's celebrating a jury decision clearing it of patent infringement charges related to a feature in its Office software.
. - As soon as Monday, Burt Rutan could send his split-tailed space guppy past the envelope of blue sky for the second 
Opinion: In its initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s claims regarding the FAT file system, the US Patent and Trademark Office seems to be rediscovering a law barring  quot;obvious quot; patents.
Telecommunications giant AT amp;T Corp. said on Wednesday that it will offer its CallVantage Internet-based phone service at consumer electronics retailer Circuit City Stores Inc.
Berkeley - A University of California, Berkeley, paleobiologist and his colleagues warn that the future of the Earth #39;s mammals could be as dire as it was between 50,000 and 10,000 years ago, when a combination of climate change and human pressure resulted 
Apple says it will deliver its iTunes music service to more European countries next month. Corroborating several reports in recent months, Reuters is reporting today that Apple Computer is planning the next 
Despite speakers at the EPCglobal US conference talking up the benefits of radio frequency identification, many US companies are still waiting to see a clear reason to adopt RFID technology.
 NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Online DVD rental service  Netflix Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NFLX.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NFLX.O&lt;/A&gt; and digital video recorder maker TiVo  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TIVO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said they would jointly develop a  product to download movies over the Internet that could mark a  revolution in home entertainment.
Is open source becoming the dumping ground for no-longer-wanted software, sort of like a Salvation Army dropoff point for programs instead of old clothes?
AT amp;T (T) and Internet telephone provider Vonage said Thursday they are cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 a month, the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.
The impact radio-frequency identification has throughout an entire supply chain is top of mind for a number of companies experimenting with the technology.
Nortel Networks Corp. will lay off approximately 1,400 employees in the U.S. and about 950 in Canada, with those employees to be notified by the end of June 2005, the network equipment vendor said in a regulatory filing Thursday that fleshed out earlier announcements of the coming layoffs.
Syska Hennessy, an engineering, technology, and construction company, unveiled this week a unique design for cooling datacenters that would allow companies to pack almost double the number of servers into a datacenter space.
TOKYO - NTT DoCoMo on Thursday unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
WASHINGTON -- For the third time in three weeks, the US Senate Judiciary Committee decided to take no action on the controversial Induce Act aimed at illegal file swapping on peer-to-peer (define) networks.
The DVD Forum has approved the physical disc specifications for the rewritable version of HD-DVDs (High Definition/High Density-DVDs), taking the format an important step nearer to mass production.
Victorian environment officers are about to embark on an ambitious campaign, implanting contraceptives in 2,000 koalas. The new koala management strategy is designed to protect the koalas and their environment.
Forbes.com - The early take on Oracle's tender offer for PeopleSoft was that it was insincere. Oracle boss Lawrence Ellison just wanted to sabotage PeopleSoft's relations with customers. So said various pundits when the takeover was announced a year ago.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A European Union judge will weigh on  Friday whether Microsoft should be forced to remove its music  and video player from its Windows operating software, in a  second day of hearings at the EU's second-highest court.
Research In Motion Ltd., which makes the BlackBerry handheld device and other mobile products, on Thursday said its second-quarter profit rose significantly on improved sales.
Red Hat Inc. announced Thursday that it has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online Inc. to acquire its Netscape Security Solutions software assets.
A recording-industry trade group said Thursday it had filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it suspects of distributing its songs for free over Internet  quot;peer to peer quot; networks like Kazaa and eDonkey.
SAN FRANCISCO -- Salesforce.com (Quote, Chart) CEO Marc Benioff is hoping to do to call centers and help desks what he has accomplished in the CRM space.
An Apple executive has told Reuters that the company will expand its European iTunes Music Store next month. Apple Vice President Eddie Cue told the news service that Apple plans to cover 
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft Corp.'s popular instant messaging client.
BOSTON - Security appliance maker ServGate Technologies Inc. next week will announce a new line of products through Dell Inc.'s Web site, providing hardware with integrated antivirus, spam filtering and other security features for small businesses.
 #147;I am writing these words on the most elegant desktop computer I #146;ve ever used, #148; writes Walt Mossberg about the iMac G5 in the Wall Street Journal,  #147;a computer that is not only uncommonly beautiful but fast and powerful, virus-free and surprisingly affordable. This machine takes up no more space on a desk than a flat-panel monitor. In fact, the entire computer is contained behind a flat-panel screen in a space just 2 inches thick  #151; thinner than most flat-panel monitors alone. #148; Sep 23
For the second time this week, a storage hardware vendor has acquired a storage software vendor. On Thursday, officials of Louisville, Colo.
The US Patent Trademark Office has rejected all claims to patents for a Windows file format held by Microsoft. Under a reexamination process initiated earlier this year by the recently formed Public Patent 
Sun Microsystems is backing European Union efforts to standardize office document formats, including a proposal that would enable people to switch easily between Microsoft-based documents and those created with open-source software.
US consumers and businesses have lost an estimated \$US500 million (\$688 million) to the internet scam known as  quot;phishing quot;, with seven out of 10 lured to fake websites, according to a survey.
Japanese mobile network operator NTT DoCoMo announced on Thursday that it has developed a prototype micro fuel cell that will recharge a third-generation mobile phone.
AT amp;T Corp. is trimming the price of its new Internet-based telephone service for the second time in six months, prompting a top rival to follow suit.
Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) acquired Storability Inc. on Thursday for an undisclosed sum in an attempt to boost the storage management and monitoring software delivery capabilities of its ILM (information lifecycle management) portfolio.
Although Linux backers boast of a growing market share on the desktop, especially in booming regions like Eastern Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific, those numbers are hugely inflated, a research firm said Thursday, because most of the PCs actually 
AN IBM machine has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese model which caused shock waves within United States government agencies when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
LONDON  quot;Cloaca, quot; apparently, is the Latin word for  quot;sewer, quot; which might seem a strange image with which to launch a new theatrical regime.
An online photo album showing Navy SEALS with Iraqi prisoners prompts an investigation. A military prosecutor says they're simply evidence of juvenile behavior, but they may violate the Geneva Convention, which prohibits souvenir photos of prisoners of war.
Three weeks after the Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert after its parachutes failed to deploy, NASA scientists remain hopeful they can salvage the mission and reveal clues about the origin of the solar system.
No current figures exist for how much e-junk is recycled, but industry experts believe it's a sliver of the total. People don't know where to take their used electronics, and toxic components are a mounting problem.
Embargo or not, Fidel Castro's socialist paradise has quietly become a pharmaceutical powerhouse. (They're still working on the capitalism thing.) By Douglas Starr from Wired magazine.
After nearly a decade of debate, no one can say for sure whether radiation from cell phones is harmful to humans or not. So researchers are conducting a series of independent studies to try to settle the matter. By Joanna Glasner.
A new study finds that artists and musicians love the internet, using it to promote themselves and their work. But they are divided on whether illegal file sharing helps or hurts them. By Katie Dean.
Reuters - The vast majority of visitors to\the U.N. Web site look at English-language pages, and\relatively few call up Arabic, Chinese, French, Russian or\Spanish pages, the United Nations said on Thursday.
PC World - Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
InfoWorld - Application developers got several new options last week as Sun Microsystems updated J2SE, Borland upped its CORBA ante, and Compuware announced products that will work with Microsoft #8217;s Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
If you've got a blog and a job, beware. The two sometimes don't go together, as many ex-workers are finding out. By Rachel Metz.
AP - Three weeks after the Genesis space capsule slammed into the Utah desert after its parachutes failed to deploy, NASA scientists remain hopeful they can salvage the mission and reveal clues about the origin of the solar system.
AP - The pilot and designer of a private rocket plane say they are confident it could return to the sky next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward the edge of the atmosphere.
AP - Experts dragged sensors from boats and divers scooped soil from the ocean bottom Thursday, looking for radioactive clues to the location of a hydrogen bomb lost off the Georgia coast in 1958.
 NEW YORK/LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Online DVD rental service  Netflix Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NFLX.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NFLX.O&lt;/A&gt; and digital video recorder maker TiVo  Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TIVO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TIVO.O&lt;/A&gt; on Thursday said they would jointly develop a  product to download movies over the Internet, a deal uniting  two of the fastest growing brands in home entertainment.
Sun backs an EU standards push for interoperability between office software. Microsoft says it's already there.
There's a reason why so many PCs are infected with spyware and adware: Users seem to have stopped caring about having online privacy. Many are saying spyware is a small price to pay for free applications. By Michelle Delio.
And Mike Ramsay, TiVo's CEO, resigns from his board position at Netflix to avoid conflicts of interest.
PC maker expanding printer business with new photo printers. Digital cameras also a possibility.
Application developers got several new options last week as Sun Microsystems updated J2SE, Borland upped its CORBA ante, and Compuware announced products that will work with Microsofts Visual Studio 2005 toolbox.
Stream movies to your PC or download them to your TiVo by 2005.
New ServGate hardware, starting at less than \$1000, has integrated antivirus, spam filtering, and other security features.
MacCentral - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. have signed an agreement to let TiVo subscribers access Netflix's library of movies over broadband Internet connections, the two companies announced Thursday.
AP - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
Ziff Davis - Opinion: The ongoing intellectual property fight between Furthermore and Miro shows the need to address possible IP conflicts before they become public or courtroom battles.
Reuters - Sweden handed over to a group of\Australian aborigines on Thursday the remains of about 20 of\their ancestors smuggled out of Australia almost 90 years ago\by a Swedish zoologist who pretended they were kangaroo bones.
Tape storage king StorageTek puts new pressure on the storage-management market with an acquisition. By Martin J. Garvey. Storage Technology Corp.
The team behind the SpaceShipOne rocket plane says it plans to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, after deciding that the unexpected tumble encountered during this 
Lusty Koalas in southern Australia are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest home.
p2pnet.net News:- Through their RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America), the members of the Big Four record label cartel have sued another 762 people, bringing the total to close to 5,800.
The Arlington government contractor said in a statement that the 58-year-old Johnson, its second in command, is leaving  quot;to pursue personal interests and spend more time with his family and 
washingtonpost.com - LUXEMBOURG, Sept. 30 -- European regulators testified here Thursday that before settlement talks with Microsoft Corp. broke down last spring, the company had agreed to  antitrust sanctions that the software giant now claims would cause irreparable harm to its business and is fighting to stave off.
Reuters - Lusty Koalas in southern Australia\are going to be put on the pill to stop them breeding too\quickly and putting too much strain on their eucalyptus-forest\home.
CACI International Inc.'s president of U.S. operations, L. Kenneth Johnson, will retire Nov. 1.  The Arlington government contractor said in a statement that the 58-year-old Johnson, its second in command, is leaving "to pursue personal interests."&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Wildlife authorities in Australia plan to implant contraceptive hormones into 2,000 koala bears in an effort to keep the numbers down.
com September 30, 2004, 9:28 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
NTT DoCoMo has developed a prototype methanol fuel cell recharger for demanding mobile phones. The charger relies on a replaceable methanol cartridge and hydrogen 
In the endless war of words and numbers between Windows and The Rest, Gartner has chipped in with a paradoxical observation. Forty percent of PCs sold with Linux installed are subsequently hosed clean and 
AP - In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
AP - The inventor of the World Wide Web told a technology conference on Wednesday that making the Web more useful hinges on a familiar challenge: Getting the players behind the technology to agree on standards governing how computers communicate with one another.
Recent months have been terrible for Internet Explorer. Their have been tons of bug and security flaw reported. So much so, many security agencies have started recommending people who surf online to shift to alternate browsers.
Leading open source vendor Red Hat said it will acquire certain security-related assets of Netscape Security Solutions from America Online for US\$25 million.
Links to this week's topics from search engine forums across the web: Click-Fraud Said to be 50 of Clicks - PPC  #91;Pay Per Click #93; And Affiliate Marketing, Will It Last? - Press Releases for Link Development - New Adwords Traffic Estimator - AdWords: Is Broadmatch Really Bad? - Marketing Tactics with Shopping Search Engines - How To Optimize PDFs
It used to be safe to assume that dialing 212 made a phone ring in Manhattan, but in this era of mobile telecommunications, calls connect people, not places.
Microsoft warned a European appeals court that software developers and consumers would face dire consequences should it be penalized.
A federal judge ruled that the provision broadly violated the Constitution by giving federal authorities unchecked powers to obtain private information.
I.B.M. said that it had agreed to pay \$320 million to its employees to settle in part a class-action lawsuit over its pension plan.
Reuters - Sun Microsystems Inc. \and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the\switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly\speed up massive data analysis and visualization to tackle\time-critical problems such as weather prediction.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Sun Microsystems Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SUNW.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SUNW.O&lt;/A&gt;  and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the  switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly  speed up massive data analysis and visualization to tackle  time-critical problems such as weather prediction.
More open-source software for businesses: The Apache Software Foundation is launching a project for a Java process automation server.
NTT DoCoMo has unveiled what it calls the Japan #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation  quot;FOMA quot; handsets.
 quot;It is the same type of contraceptive that is used by human females around the world, quot; said project manager Ian Walker.  quot;But the tricky part.
com September 30, 2004, 9:00 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
gardel writes  quot;Voxilla reports that a VoIP price war was declared today. An announcement that AT amp;T would drop its prices for its CallVantage Service from \$34.
SanDisk has announced a number of memory card specific products at Photokina, in Cologne today. For the serious professional photographer, the company announced an 8Gb Compact Flash card costing \$1000, a 4Gb Memory Stick Pro and 2Gb SD Card.
L. Kenneth Johnson, president of US operations at CACI International Inc., has announced his retirement from the company. In a statement, Johnson said he is leaving effective Nov. 1 to spend more time with his family and to pursue other interests.
Reuters - The United States and China want to\expand trade regulations to protect Asian yew trees, a plant\that provides the compound for one of the world's top-selling\chemotherapy drugs but is threatened by poaching.
The Burt Rutan/Paul Allen private spacecraft is on the brink of nabbing the \$10 million X Prize. But that #39;s just the start. The \$10 million X Prize is almost in the bank.
LINUX distributor Red Hat has announced it would purchase Netscape #39;s enterprise security products from AOL. Products to be purchased by Red Hat include the Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate management system.
 Orbimage of Dulles, a satellite imaging company, was awarded a four-year contract for about \$500 million by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency.
CACI International Inc. on Thursday said US domestic operations president L. Kenneth Johnson will retire from the company effective Nov. 1, and backed its previous earnings guidance, saying it is on course to meet operating goals.
PCs running Linux are growing in popularity in part because they can be loaded with a pirated copy of Windows, according to a study from analyst Gartner.
The recording industry launched a new round of lawsuits against illegal downloading Thursday (Sept. 30), the same day negotiations intensified between copyright 
AP - Microsoft Corp. goes into round two Friday of its battle to get the European Union's sweeping antitrust ruling lifted having told a judge that it had been prepared during settlement talks to share more software code with its rivals than the EU ultimately demanded.
AT amp;T said yesterday it was slashing the fee for its Internet phone plan, CallVantage, to \$29.99 a month for unlimited local and long-distance service.
 quot;If they repeated history, then Java 1.3 should have been Java3 and Java 1.4 would have been Java 4 making Java 1.5 as Java5.
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp.s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
All those failed start-ups from the dot.com boom will nevertheless live on, because the University of Maryland and the Library of Congress (LC) see value in saving their records for posterity in a massive digital archive.
CD burners, jukebox programs and Wi-Fi routers are just a few of the technologies that could be threatened under a new version of the Induce Act, critics say.
NTT DoCoMo, the top cellular phone operator in Japan, has unveiled what it calls the nation #39;s first prototype micro fuel cell aimed at boosting battery life for its powerful third-generation FOMA handsets.
In a third-floor classroom at Charlestown High School, where models of human and animal skulls perch on a shelf near creature-filled specimen jars, teacher Allyson 
Musicians believe the internet is an essential tool to help create and market their work, but at the same time more than half of artists say file sharing of unauthorized copies of music should be illegal, according to a new report.
Lycos Europe appeared to have pulled a controversial antispam screensaver program from its site, after coming under fire from both security experts and the spammers themselves.
The history-making spacecraft designed by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan will blast off Monday morning from a small airport in Mojave, California, in a bid for \$10 million.
Companies to jointly sell routers, operating software in Japan in attempt to increase market share. TOKYO (Reuters) - Fujitsu Ltd.
Russia's cabinet endorsed the long-delayed Kyoto Protocol on global warming and sent it to Parliament.
Legal actions against major polluters have stalled because of the agency's decision to revise rules governing emissions at older coal-fired power plants.
A record \$12.5 million grant to be announced today will revolutionize science teaching throughout Boston Public Schools, officials said.
Sun Microsystems Inc. Thursday announced the availability of the J2SE (Java 2 Platform Standard Edition) 5.0, which the company said looks to be the most significant Java upgrade to date.
Lucent Technologies said Thursday that it will partner with Ethernet equipment maker Riverstone Networks to round out its product lineup.
Koalas in Australia #39;s southeastern state of Victoria will receive contraceptive implants to keep their numbers down. Up to 2,000 female koalas will be implanted with a slow-releasehormone 
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
In what is being called  quot;the most significant enhancement to the Java platform, quot; a consortium of Java-related companies launched the newest version of the Java 2 Standard Edition (J2SE).
Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) dominance on the desktop may turn out to be Sun Microsystems #39; (Quote, Chart) gain in the end. A letter to Sun Microsystems #39; COO Jonathan Schwartz by the European Commission (EC) this 
The New York Times has recently run a piece pondering the renowned nation of Canada, and whether it has fallen from its once lofty heights of international greatness.    "A country is not just a health system."  This is the sentiment of one of a few Canadian authors recently lamenting the decline of Canadian engagement around the world.  The question then becomes: what makes a nation great?  Why would Canadians resent the place of  their placid and peaceful country?  And, what does this say about the roles taken on by other influential nations around the world?
Hi-tech criminals are stealing key business data and ransoming it back to the firms they stole it from, say police.
Microsoft's legal fight against EU antitrust penalties enters its second day as focus turns to its media player.
Red Hat said Thursday that it will pay \$20.5 million for Netscape security software that will expand the Raleigh company #39;s product offerings and boost revenue.
Mount Hood, the sleeping volcano that rises just east of the city, last erupted just before Lewis and Clark arrived in the area in 1805.
IN A preliminary ruling, the US government has rejected Microsoft #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
USENET PROVIDER Easynews says that it has turned up postings of porn pictures that are laced with a program that exploits the Windows JPEG glitch.
The veterinary drug blamed for killing South Asia's vultures should be banned now, conservationists say.
Seattle, October 1: Linux distributor Red Hat Inc said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc, a unit of Time Warner Inc.
Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivers. Sometimes the majestic peak even shudders, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
KOALA bears are to be implanted with contraceptives to keep their numbers down and stop them munching the landscape bare at an Australian national park.
LINUX DISTRIBUTOR Red Hat has shelled out \$23 million to buy Netscape Communications #39; Security Solutions unit from AOL. The deal means that Red Hat will get the Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate 
Red Hat has announced plans to acquire network security software from Netscape #39;s Enterprise Suite, adding it to its Open Source Architecture, The company says they will distribute it as open-source software, according to statements from company executives 
Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and visualisation to tackle time-critical problems such as weather 
Nigel McFarlane boils down all the competition between browsers into a single score for each browser. Take this article to your local second-hand browser dealer to test his honesty.
As recovery teams examined the mangled NASA Genesis probe lodged in the floor of Utah #39;s west desert earlier this month, a crew member spotted a horseshoe in the sand.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will suffer serious  harm if it is forced to provide a version of Windows without  Windows Media Player audio-visual software, its lawyer told a  European Union court on Friday.
SpaceShipOne, the rocket plane that blasted into space on Wednesday in the first of its \$10m Ansari X-Prize flights, will launch again on Monday.
 quot;The fact that non-US vendor like NEC had the fastest computer was seen as a big challenge for US computer industry, quot; said Horst Simon, director of the supercomputing centre at Lawrence Berkeley Labs in California.
A CLAIM by IT experts the Gartner Group that Linux downloads are a cover for piracy has been dismissed by the Open Source Industry Association (OSIA).
Budding entrepreneurs and historians of the future will be able to look back on the madness of the dot com boom. The University of Maryland has received government and private grants to archive the business 
Cape Town - If the giant asteroid Toutatis, which closely missed earth on Wednesday, hit a place such as the Mother City, the entire city and all its suburbs would have disappeared in an instant.
Should war move into space, the U.S. military has a plan. And not being an enemy doesn't necessarily mean your satellites and ground-control mechanisms aren't targets. By Noah Shachtman.
Slashdot is so popular that traffic from its links can cripple small websites, sometimes for days. So a couple of fans have set up a site called Mirrordot to alleviate the problem by hosting copies of sites mentioned on Slashdot. By Daniel Terdiman.
Tired of listening to travelers yakking on their cell phones in the airport lounge? You may have to put up it with in the cabin too, as regulators consider scrapping rules that ban use of most wireless devices in flight. By Joanna Glasner.
What happens in the online world can be a freeing experience. Sometimes too freeing, so be careful out there. Commentary by Gina Lynn.
A California judge says Diebold Election Systems broke the law when it threatened students for posting internal company memos on the web. Advocates say this is a precedent-setting victory for free speech on the web, and a warning to litigious companies. By Kim Zetter.
Unraveling the genetic map of diatoms -- microscopic sea creatures -- could pay big dividends in defending the world's ecological systems. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Your hard drive is overflowing with gazillions of digital pics. DSC00234.jpg might as well be labeled don't_know_don't_care.jpg. Here is the quest to build the photo archive of the future. By David Weinberger from Wired magazine.
Justice Department lawyers say there is indeed a rule requiring passengers to show ID at the airport before boarding a plane, but they say the exact wording of the rule can't be read by the public and can't be challenged. By Ryan Singel.
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger says the bill, which would have required businesses to tell employees that their e-mail and internet usage were being monitored, was overly broad. By Mark Sullivan.
The music group says it's filed suits against 762 people it suspects of song swapping, including students from 26 different colleges and universities. The RIAA has now sued roughly 5,400 people over the past year.
Tim Berners-Lee, the man who invented the web, says the medium will never realize its potential unless everyone involved can agree on standards that let computers more easily communicate with each other.
Computers built with Advanced Micro Devices' Opteron processor soon will be able to take advantage of the same power management technology the company has already built into its laptop and desktop microchips.
They produce as much organic carbon as all the rainforests on Earth, but they #39;re not plants. They live in hard shells and can survive for months in the dark, but they #39;re not animals.
Science minister Lord Sainsbury says the UK will remain key to the Aurora programme and will head back to Mars.
Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is to attempt a second space flight on Monday in a bid to clinch the \$10m Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 103km (64 miles) on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
The genetic map of a type of teeny-weeny ocean algae could have a big impact on how scientists try to protect the Earth #39;s oceans from greenhouse gases.
Magnification software to help visually impaired people use mobiles has been developed by a Spanish firm.
Samsung Electronics plans to invest 25 trillion won (\$24 billion) in building new semiconductor production lines by 2010, the company said Monday.
Under the terms of the agreement Red Hat will obtain products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
Plans by Microsoft Corp to charge royalties on a library of patents are looking uncertain after the US Patent and Trademark Office rejected a key software patent claimed by the company.
Sun Microsystems Inc is courting community views for the next version of Java 2 Standard Edition, the foundation stone of Java scheduled for spring 2006.
Lawmakers at the Senate have delayed a controversial bill that would make it easier to sue online file-trading networks because there is too much opposition to it.
Sun Microsystems Inc. SUNW.O and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed up massive data analysis and 
Microsoft #39;s patent on the File Allocation Table disk format has been rejected by the US Patent Office, on the grounds that it should never have been granted in the first place.
With a little help from NASA, students from McNair High School - which is named for an astronaut -ight play a role in future space exploration.
Microsoft has extended the reach of its business data platform, demonstrating new business intelligence capabilities for SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server 2005.
The latest title from the Warhammer 40,000 stable does its thing with considerable style.
Within days of the release of the security bulletin, there was proof of concept code available on the web. As the exploit was analyzed by various security groups, it was found that it was similar 
'Freedom to destroy freedom and competition'
Some clubbers in Barcelona have opted to have a microchip implanted which lets them pay for drinks.
Enterprise Linux specialist Red Hat has snapped up choice pieces of Netscape Enterprise solutions from AOL. These include the Netscape Enterprise Suite and include Netscape Directory Server and Netscape Certificate Management System.
Sydney - Australia #39;s koalas, once a threatened species, are now growing so fast in some areas that wildlife authorities are putting them on the pill.
The DVDRW Alliance has announced the release of final draft specifications for 8x rewriting on DVDRW media produced by Hewlett Packard, MKM, Philips, Ricoh, Sony and Yamaha.
Microsoft Corp has issued further details of new reporting and business intelligence features that it plans to introduce into its present and future SQL Server relational database platform.
Synergy was the word Siemens AG used several years ago when it talked about combining its carrier and enterprise network and mobile phone businesses under one roof. Then the company spun off these operations into separate divisions to be able to focus -- it said -- more closely on customers' individual needs. Now the manufacturer is pulling everything back together and the buzzwords are end-to-end systems and convergence.
Alaxala Networks Corp., the backbone-network router and switch joint venture announced by Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. earlier this year, began operations on Friday, it said in a statement.
Intel Corp. is planning to introduce a faster front-side bus on an upcoming version of its Pentium 4 Extreme Edition processor that will help the firm increase the performance of its chips by improving a crucial bottleneck in system performance.
LUXEMBOURG -- Microsoft Corp. asked a judge to suspend the European Commission's antitrust ruling against it on Thursday, arguing that secrets revealed now cannot be retracted.
This week we have seen numerous reports (a href= quot;http://www.tectonic.co.za/view.php?id=352 quot; gt;see here) in the trade press referring to Gartner UK analyst Annette Jump claiming that pre-installing Linux on PCs encourages piracy of Windows.
There #39;s a new version of Java and Sun describes it as the most significant update ever to the platform-neutral programming language.
AP - The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new  #36;50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency.
washingtonpost.com - New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of "state team sport" will become effective today in Maryland.
TheDeal.com - A commissioner said the agency would rule on the wireless merger within weeks, allowing an October closing.
AP - In a surprise move, business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. fired CEO Craig Conway Friday, saying it has has lost confidence in the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid by rival Oracle Corp.
Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc. , which is\trying to fight off a hostile takeover by rival Oracle Corp.\, on Friday said its board had ousted President and\Chief Executive Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in\his ability to lead the software company.
AP - The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch.
&lt;strong&gt;Group Review&lt;/strong&gt; Not yet ready for DDR 2? Then make the most of the original
Lycos has called a ceasefire in the battle against internet spammers by suspending its Make Love Not Spam portal, designed to put bulk mail senders out of business.
In a surprise move, the business software maker fired CEO Craig Conway Friday, saying it has has lost confidence in the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a takeover bid by rival Oracle Corp.
 New laws aimed at prosecuting big-time Internet spammers, helping small businesses and elevating lacrosse to the status of "state team sport" will become effective today in Maryland.
If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke.
The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new \$50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency.
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Duncan Martell&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM is expanding and adding newtechnology to 11 of its data centers in North America, Europeand Asia to meet growing demand and rolled out new services tocustomers, the world's largest computer company said late onThursday.&lt;/p&gt;
Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
&lt;p&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; By Justin Hyde&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt; WASHINGTON (Reuters) - AT T Corp.  and Internet telephoneprovider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices fortheir residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month,the strongest signs yet of a price war in the nascent market.&lt;/p&gt;
SpaceShipOne, the privately built manned rocket aiming to claim the 10 million USD X-Prize, has completed the first of two qualifying flights, and is scheduled to attempt the winning second flight on 4 October, despite some technical concerns.
p2pnet.net News:- Red Hat says it #39;s  quot;entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement quot; with AOL to buy parts of Netscape #39;s Enterprise Suite, adding it to its Open Source Architecture.
Microsoft is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT filesystem, the company said on Thursday. Meanwhile, it #39;s celebrating a jury decision clearing it of patent infringement charges 
The fight against spam is getting more serious as the net #39;s big players impose conditions on bulk mail senders. From October, AOL, Yahoo, Hotmail, Earthlink and Comcast want those that send lots of messages 
Moscow - The Soyuz TMA-5 spacecraft carrying a replacement crew to the International Space Station (ISS) will be put into space on October 14 after technical difficulties postponed the launch, Russia #39;s space agency said on Friday.
Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
Updated chat client allows users to send more personalized messages.
AFP - Business software maker PeopleSoft said it was dumping president and chief executive Craig Conway, who has led the fight against a hostile takeover effort from rival Oracle.
Reuters - Fossils from extinct dogs show why\bigger is not better -- giant meat-eating animals died out\because they relied too heavily on hunting other big animals,\scientists reported on Thursday.
The latest Microsoft Windows security flaw could result in more harm than usual because the company's system for fixing it could prove too vexing for some PC users to deal with, security experts warned. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
JimMarch(equalccw) writes  quot;Our favorite crooked voting company Diebold has lost a MAJOR copyright case (click for ruling here or description here).
Board cites "lack of confidence" in Craig Conway as software maker battles a hostile takeover.
New products include 802.11g/a cards for both notebooks and desktops.
Moreover and NewsGator Team for RSS Search\\Moreover Technologies, provider of aggregated online RSS and news feeds, today announced that NewsGator Technologies will integrate Moreover RSS (Rich Site Summary) news feeds and news search into its NewsGator Online Service platform.\
Feedster's RSS Feed Job Search Engine\\RSS is hot and RSS search engines continue to get hotter by taking advantage of all of the bandwidth draining RSS feeds that are literally running all over the web for all different types of content oriented sites. Recently RSS search engines have concentrated on ...
A Californian-based team is halfway to claiming a \$10 million prize by putting a privately financed manned craft into sub-orbital space.
In a historic development in the computing world, IBM has succeeded in re-writing the rulebook for ultra-powerful computing by developing the worlds most powerful supercomputer- Blue Gene/L supercomputer, surpassing NECs Earth Simulator in Japan.
The US Patent Office has made a preliminary ruling that a patent held by Microsoft for the FAT file system is invalid, after lobby group the Public Patent Foundation put forward evidence showing that the technology already existed in the public domain.
The emergence of a new Internet virus targeting a Microsoft Windows security flaw could cause more damage than usual because the company #39;s system for fixing the problem is so complex that many 
EEye Digital Security has uncovered new security holes affecting a wide range of RealNetworks #39; media players, the latest desktop-based bugs set to worry IT managers.
The Beatles, trading as Apple Corp, won #39;t let it be when it comes to Apple Computer #39;s forays into the music business. Photo: Getty Images.
Microsoft Corp. is fighting a rejection by US patent authorities of a patent for its FAT (file allocation table) file system, the company said Thursday.
The banking industry warns online customers to guard against a new wave of sophisticated cyber-fraud.
Students at 27 US colleges are being sued by the American record industry for alleged illegal downloading.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp will gain  "life-and-death power" over media formats used in everything  from cell-phones to computers unless EU sanctions take effect  quickly, an industry lawyer argued on Friday.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - Iraqis hail their mobile phone network  as one of the few achievements in the country's reconstruction,  but the technology is also being used to detonate bombs that  cause daily death and destruction.
Microsoft isn't quite begging, but the company is hoping a European court will cut it some major slack in its fight against an antitrust ruling, citing concerns that PC users will get the short end of the stick. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Finalists display innovations and compete for \$100,000 scholarships at the nation's top high school science event.
Jet Propulsion Lab -- The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission's temporary cleanroom at the U.S. Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA's Johnson Space Center, Houston...
By JOHN ANTCZAK     LOS ANGELES (AP) -- The creators of a private rocket plane will go ahead with plans for another launch next week in a quest to claim a multimillion-dollar prize, despite a harrowing flight in which the spacecraft rolled dramatically while hurtling toward the edge of the atmosphere.    Organizers of the \$10 million Ansari X Prize announced without elaboration Thursday night that SpaceShipOne designer Burt Rutan had told them he would go ahead with Monday morning's scheduled flight...
MOSCOW (AP) -- The new crew of the international space station will head into space on Oct. 14, Russia said Friday, after two delays pushed back the launch...
USA Today -- More than eight years ago, a new space race began with the announcement of the X Prize Competition. Based on prizes that inspired the development of aviation in the early 20th century, the X Prize was started to encourage private space travel through a competition to build the first reusable spacecraft...
PRAGUE, Czech Republic -- Eugene Cernan, the last man to walk on the moon during the final Apollo landing, said Thursday he doesn't expect space tourism to become reality in the near future, despite a strong demand.   Cernan, now 70, who was commander of NASA's Apollo 17 mission and set foot on the lunar surface in December 1972 during his third space flight, acknowledged that "there are many people interested in space tourism."     But the former astronaut said he believed "we are a long way away from the day when we can send a bus of tourists to the moon." He spoke to reporters before being awarded a medal by the Czech Academy of Sciences for his contribution to science...
Albuquerque Journal -- "What is there in thee, moon, that thou shouldst move My heart so potently?"     "Endymion," John Keats The first landing of Christopher Columbus in the New World on Oct. 12, 1492, is commemorated on the second Monday of October...
Three powerful blasts from three wholly different regions in space have left scientists scrambling. The blasts, which lasted only a few seconds, might be early alert systems for star explosions called supernovae, which could start appearing any day now.
By Kathleen Doheny, HealthDay Reporter    HealthDayNews -- A bacterium that is becoming more resistant to first-line antibiotics is causing record numbers of skin infections in otherwise healthy children, according to a new study.    The bacterium, called methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), is also emerging as a cause of pneumonia, which can be fatal...
By EMMA ROSS    LONDON (AP) -- In another blow to the belief that antioxidant supplements improve health, an authoritative analysis has concluded there is no evidence the vitamins ward off common digestive cancers.    Some experts say, however, that the findings do not mean the cancer-fighting potential of antioxidant pills should be written off just yet...
By RANDOLPH E. SCHMID    WASHINGTON (AP) -- A wide-ranging effort involving parents, schools, communities and government is needed to turn the tide of childhood obesity, the Institute of Medicine said Thursday...
By ALLISON SCHLESINGER    PITTSBURGH (AP) -- An expansion of a federal pilot program that provides schools with funding for fruits and vegetables might help students get as enthusiastic about brussels sprouts and broccoli as they are about pizza and ice cream, a U.S. Agriculture Department official said on Thursday...
A report from technology research and analysis firm Gartner, Inc. reveals that while the installed base of personal computers running the Linux operating systems 
PeopleSoft today said its board had ousted President and CEO Craig Conway due to "a loss of confidence" in his ability to lead the software company.
LUXEMBOURG -- The war of words over Microsoft Corp.'s business practices continued at a Luxembourg court on Friday with the its opponents arguing that unless the company offers a version its operating system without Windows Media Player, Microsoft will extend its quasi-monopoly in the PC market over the digital media sector.
In its pursuit of one-stop storage shop superstardom, Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has bought Storability Software Inc. and got hold of its enterprise storage resource manager product.
PeopleSoft Inc. Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and President Craig Conway was shown the door on Friday by the company's board of directors, who immediately replaced him with Dave Duffield, PeopleSoft's founder and chairman.
Clint Heiden's two-month-old recruiting firm offers its clients in the technology industry what amounts to a partial money-back guarantee: A job candidate hired through the Heiden Group, which specializes in sales positions for tech companies, will be a top performer within six months. If the candidate quits or falls short, the recruiter refunds between 20 and 40 percent of its placement fee, which averages about 25 percent of a candidate's annual salary.
BROOMFIELD, Colo., Oct. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Level 3 Communications, Inc...
President Bush's "Vision for Space Exploration" got a skeptical reception in January and was left for dead in midsummer, but it made a stunning last-minute comeback when the House majority leader delivered NASA's \$16.2 billion budget request as part of the omnibus \$388 billion spending bill passed Nov. 20.
Russian space officials say the departure of the replacement crew for the International Space Station has been set for October 14.
RealNetworks Inc. recommends users download updates it released to patch multiple security holes in RealOne Player, RealPlayer and Helix Player.
NEW YORK - When Microsoft decided to throttle back on some of the features of its Hotmail Web-based e-mail service, it didn #39;t affect me one bit.
Sun Microsystems today released Java 2 Platform Standard Edition J2SE 5.0, code named project Tiger. Version 6.0 of the programming framework, codenamed Mustang, has entered the development stage and is expected 
Cross an iPod and an eMac and what do you get? The new iMac G5, the third generation of Apples trendsetting desktop design for the home and school.
The IBM computer is based on a technology called BlueGene/L, which takes an approach radically different from that used by NEC #39;s machine, called the Earth Simulator.
Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., better known for its Panasonic brand, will start selling SD (Secure Digital) memory cards that can be used as smart cards in Japan by the end of 2005, the company said Friday.
The government #39;s cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the 
Smart cards are on the rise in Japan, using computer chips with an antenna embedded in them to allow people to pay for purchases or unlock doors with a simple flick of their cards.
Hotmail users will have to start paying in order to access their hotmail e-mail messages via the Outlook and Outlook Express desktop e-mail programmes.
The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency awarded an \$8.9 million contract to three vendors last week to build a prototype for low-flying unmanned aerial vehicles that can work with Army ground combat vehicles to scout ahead of American forces.
AP - The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency.
AP - Investors sent stocks sharply higher Friday as new economic data showed strength in manufacturing and construction, and Wall Street greeted the departure of PeopleSoft Inc.'s chief executive by buying up technology shares. The Dow Jones industrials gained 100 points in morning trading.
AP - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Reuters - Researchers who found a link between\country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover\hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments on\Thursday.
Reuters - The Russian government approved the\Kyoto Protocol on Thursday, giving decisive support to the\long-delayed climate change treaty that should allow it to come\into force worldwide.
Reuters - The father of a seriously ill baby girl\fought on Friday against a hospital's request to allow her to\die if she stops breathing, saying he and his wife were not yet\ready to let her go.
SPACE.com - Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage \  spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
New Enterprise Associates is the biggest stand-alone venture capital operation in the world, but industry insiders say the company's girth is a handicap.
 SEATTLE (Reuters) - Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=RHAT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;RHAT.O&lt;/A&gt;  said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape's computer user  identification and management technology from America Online  Inc., a unit of Time Warner Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=TWX.N qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;TWX.N&lt;/A&gt;
The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
T.C. Williams High School English teacher Patrick Welsh discusses the influence of video games on male students.
The jet plane in which US adventurer Steve Fossett plans to fly non-stop around the world without refuelling is set for launch in January from Kansas.
Researchers who gleaned DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic, but for now they can #39;t be sure.
ATHENS, Greece - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Maverick, the new supercomputer from Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas at Austin, promises speedier data analysis for global weather prediction, emergency response management 
The much-touted fuel cell technology has got a reprieve from being written off. Japanese companies, network operator NTT DoCoMo and manufacturer Fujitsu are reported to have co-developed a fuel cell recharger for DoCoMo #39;s Foma family of 3g handsets.
A ZIMBABWEAN delegation led by Environment and Tourism minister Francis Nhema is in Thailand to back a bid at the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites) conference by southern African countries to resume trade in ivory.
For years now, Research In Motion #39;s (Nasdaq: RIMM) BlackBerry wireless email device has been synonymous with, well, the phrase  quot;wireless email device.
StorageTek said Thursday it has acquired Storability to further strengthen its information lifecycle management software portfolio.
Microsoft Corp finally, it seems, has something in common with Linux: the mutual threat to market share posed by pirated copies of Windows in emerging markets.
A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
com Staff. Storage Technology Corp. (StorageTek) has scooped up storage resource management (SRM) company Storability Software Inc.
Two thousand female koalas will be given contraceptives under a new management strategy announced by the Victorian Government. The action is being taken after six years of trials at Mount Eccles between Portland and Hamilton.
Eastern Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia/Pacific -- will ship with Linux operating systems, but 75 percent 
StorageTek (Quote, Chart) took another step in filling out its information lifecycle management portfolio this week, acquiring software maker Storability.
The Motley Fool - For years now, Research In Motion's (Nasdaq: RIMM - News) BlackBerry wireless email device has been synonymous with, well, the phrase "wireless email device." Pretty much all of the country's wireless providers support its functions and sell it to their customers. As of this week, however, the company's flagship product has a new rival.
Reuters - Millions of people take them to stay\healthy but scientists said on Friday that vitamin supplements\do not protect against stomach and other cancers -- and may\even make them worse.
India asks the US to withdraw sanctions on two scientists accused of selling nuclear technology to Iran.
By JOSHUA FREED     MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- The Trix Rabbit and that Lucky Charms leprechaun are going on a whole-grain diet. General Mills announced Thursday that it will convert all of its breakfast cereals to whole grain...
A flaw in the Microsoft programs that was announced on Sep 14, has already paved the way for a deluge of new security threats. The hackers have begun circulating malicious code hidden in images that use the popular JPEG format.
Sun Microsystems Inc. (SUNW.O: Quote, Profile, Research) and the University of Texas at Austin are set to flip the switch on Friday on a unique supercomputer that will vastly speed 
WALNUT CREEK, CA--The first genetic instruction manual of a diatom, from a family of microscopic ocean algae that are among the Earth #39;s most prolific carbon dioxide assimilators, has yielded important insights on how the creature uses nitrogen, fats, and 
The ouster of Craig Conway and the return of Dave Duffield could be a prelude to PeopleSoft accepting Oracle's offer.
If you're not ready to feverishly debate Iraq or the deficit in this bitterly divisive election year, you can always surf the Web, where politics is frequently nothing but a big joke. President Bush and challenger John Kerry are spoofed as utter fools on the Internet daily, usually in good fun.
By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The government's cybersecurity chief has abruptly resigned after one year with the Department of Homeland Security, confiding to industry colleagues his frustration over what he considers a lack of attention paid to computer security issues within the agency.    Amit Yoran, a former software executive from Symantec Corp...
S. SRINIVASAN    BANGALORE, India (AP) -- India's space agency said Thursday its removal from a U.S...
By ALLISON LINN    SEATTLE (AP) -- In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. (MSFT)'s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names...
Cingular Wireless plans to sell one of its older wireless data networks to a group of private investors for an undisclosed sum.   The cell-phone company said Monday it will sell the unit -- the carrier of data for Blackberry e-mail devices, among other things -- to affiliates of New York private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management LP...
SearchGuy Partners for Paid Search, Updates Toolbar\\SearchGuy.com Inc., a creative provider of multi category search and advertising services announced it has partnered with Search123, a pay-per-click search engine that allows advertisers to list their sites, bid on keywords and receive targeted search traffic from hundreds of high quality content sites, ...
Internet cafs in parts of India face closure if new regulations forcing them to provide police with names and addresses of all their customers are introduced. Under the new rules, visitors to Internet cafs will have to show their ID cards or be photographed.\
Russia is tentatively rescheduling the launch of the next crew of the International Space Station by three days, from Oct. 11 to Oct. 14, foreign news media reported Thursday from Moscow.
A gaping hole in the ozone layer over Antarctica appears to have shrunk by about 20 percent from last year #39;s record-breaking size, New Zealand scientists said on Friday.
washingtonpost.com - The emergence of a new Internet virus targeting a Microsoft Windows security flaw could cause more damage than usual because the company's system for fixing the problem is so complex that many people will not bother to download it, security experts warned.
AP - The Justice Department said Friday it will stop trying to block Oracle Corp.'s hostile  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid for rival business software maker PeopleSoft Inc.
'So what do we do if Galileo's threatening American lives?'
But the company, which appeared on an Oracle takeover list, acknowledges that it can't stop someone from trying.
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger makes recycling of discarded mobile phones mandatory for handset makers.
Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
The race to collect the Ansari X Prize has all the makings of a good television reality show. But the competition to win the \$10 million prize is also drumming up renewed interest in space flight at a time 
After a ruling that crushed its arguments against Oracle's plan to acquire PeopleSoft, antitrust regulators call it a day.
Hewlett-Packard completes its \$293 million bid for the company, in a move to better compete against IBM.
The patent office sided with the Public Patent Foundation, which argued that several examples of so-called  quot;prior art quot; were in existence when Microsoft sought to patent FAT.
Controversy has erupted in the open-source world over a report from the Gartner Group that predicts the vast majority of personal computers sold in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe that 
A Secure Digital (SD) card is a tiny memory card used to make storage portable among various devices, such as car navigation systems, cellular phones, eBooks, PDAs, smartphones, digital cameras, music players, camcorders, and personal computers.
Ember, a start-up developing chips for ZigBee, gets money from Paul Allen's venture fund. Bob Metcalfe comes aboard as chairman.
MSN Messenger 7 Beta Includes Search\\Microsoft is planning to limited beta release the latest version of Instant Messaging client MSN Messenger as early as next week. The screenshots of one of the early leaked release were available on tech sites earlier this week but were later removed on Microsofts request. ...
The Associated Press By Ted Bridis
How significant is the US Patent and Trademark Office #39;s initial rejection of Microsoft #39;s FAT (file allocation table) file system patent claims?
Description: Delegates from 160 nations are gathering in Thailand for a meeting on international trade in endangered species. They will discuss new genetic research that makes it easier to trace poached ivory.
Hoping to drive users to its new MSN Search service, Microsoft (Quote, Chart) announced it will release a new beta of its messenger client with an embedded search bar.
A select group of testers next week will get an early look at MSN Messenger 7.0, the next version of Microsoft #39;s popular instant messaging client.
Being the biggest dog might pay off at feeding time, but species that grow too large are likely to be be more vulnerable to extinction, new research suggests.
Sun and Texas Instruments were among the companies saying they could do more with allies during the EPC Global conference. By Elena Malykhina.
Maverick combines highly sophisticated visualization technology with a high-bandwidth next generation network to tackle some of the nation #39;s most pressing concerns, including Emergency Response Management and Flood Modeling (specifically for the state of 
AP - Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivers. Sometimes the majestic peak even shudders, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
AP - Camcorder in hand, Sheri Ray stood on Johnston Ridge  #151; named for a man who died in the cataclysmic eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980  #151; and waited impatiently for the volcano to blow again.
The news comes on the same day that business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. fired CEO Craig Conway, the feisty leader who engineered the company's dogged resistance to a \$7.7 billion takeover bid by rival Oracle.
roundup Plus: Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1...SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards...Google tests Froogle in U.K.
The abrupt ouster of CEO Craig Conway comes after 15 months of battle against a hostile takeover bid by Oracle.
Winners of "Ig Nobel" Prize say herring "talk" via flatulence. But wouldn't saying "excuse me" lock them into a never-ending cycle?
The network service provider is spending \$34 million on the dial-up Internet access business.
That #39;s assuming the Scottish Association for Marine Science is correct in its conclusion that the tiny fish communicate via strategic gas releases, one of the scientific breakthroughs recognized in the 2004  quot;Ig Nobel quot; Prizes.
NEW YORK, October 1 (newratings.com) - Red Hat Inc (RHAT.NAS) has agreed to acquire certain Netscape Security Solutions assets from American Online Inc (AOL), a unit of Time Warner Inc (TWX), for \$20.
The department must do more to lower the risk of cyberattacks against its IT systems and networks, an internal report says. By George V. Hulme.
Sun Microsystems and the University of Texas have teamed to create an UltraSparc-powered giant that will crunch 3D tasks for the school.
Two years after buying Southborough-based Storability Inc. #39;s services business, Storage Technology Corp. scooped up the rest of the venture capital-backed company, the companies announced Thursday afternoon.
AP - Western Mexico's "Volcano of Fire" unleashed a towering column of smoke and ash Friday, after ropes of burning, orange lava poured from its peak overnight.
Reuters - A noted storm forecaster offered\Floridians some good news on Friday as they mopped up from an\unprecedented four hurricanes in six weeks by forecasting that\the disastrous Atlantic hurricane season will go out with a\whimper rather than a bang.
Reuters - A gaping hole in the ozone layer\over Antarctica appears to have shrunk by about 20 percent from\last year's record-breaking size, New Zealand scientists said\on Friday.
Amit Yoran, the Homeland Security Department #39;s cybersecurity chief, abruptly resigned Thursday, saying that he has accomplished his goals for the job, which he had for a year.
Los Angeles The creators of SpaceShipOne are going for the ten (m) million-dollar prize. Despite an unexpected roll during its flight on Wednesday, designer Burt Rutan (ruh-TAN #39;) has given notice that he will 
The fastest type of computer. Supercomputers are very expensive and are employed for specialized applications that require immense amounts of mathematical calculations.
com October 1, 2004, 11:46 AM PT. There #39;s no doubt the Internet will continue to make its mark in the world of business and technology.
Washington State's Mount St. Helens volcano is primed to erupt any day now, scientists say. They predict the blast will be weaker than the 1980 explosion that killed 57 people.
Photographer and conservationist Karl Ammann discusses why he takes often shocking photos of African apes and other rare animals killed for meat. &lt;i&gt;With photo galleries.&lt;/i&gt;
More Malaysian companies are tapping third parties to take care of IT. It could be a \$350 million market in five years.
Paul Allen and Burt Rutan's aircraft will try to repeat its 100km altitude feat to seal its victory for the \$10 million prize.
NewsFactor - Netflix (Nasdaq: NFLX) and TiVo (Nasdaq: TIVO) have agreed to collaborate on delivering movies via the Internet, developing technology and working with Hollywood studios to secure content for digital distribution.
NewsFactor - A Gartner Group report on PC hardware sales in emerging global markets has stirred up controversy in both the open-source and proprietary software worlds. Eighty percent of personal computers sold in Asia, Latin America and Eastern Europe that ship with the Linux operating system eventually will be running a pirated copy of Windows, predicts Gartner.
AP - Mount St. Helens began belching a huge column of white steam Friday after days of rumblings and earthquakes that suggested the volcano that erupted with cataclysmic force in 1980 was about to blow its top again.
WASHINGTON - The head of cybersecurity efforts at the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has reportedly resigned this week, leaving his job after giving a one-day notice.
Industry analysts have served notice that the double-digit growth of the PC industry is slowing, which has already had an effect on the growth rates of the chip industry, according to the Semiconductor Industry Association.
A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
The RIAA (Recording Industry Association of America) knows how to kick of the back-to-school season with a splash, sending out another load of lawsuits to collegians everywhere.
By eWEEK Staff. Hitachi Ltd. and NEC Corp. said Thursday that the two companies have established a joint venture specializing in the production of routers and switches.
The top cybersecurity official in the United States has resigned, a little over a year after joining the Department of Homeland Security, the agency said Friday.
Red Hat has expanded its Open Source portfolio through an agreement to acquire specific assets of Netscape Security Solutions, namely the Netscape Directory Server and the Netscape Certificate Management System, both part of the Netscape Enterprise Suite.
ATHENS, Greece - A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
IBM on Friday introduced an upgrade of its performance-monitoring software for web-based transactions, expanding its view of transaction flows by adding support for more infrastructure components.
Three powerful bursts of energy from different regions of space could presage spectacular explosions of huge stars, astronomers just announced.
IBM will launch Friday a new version of its Tivoli transaction-performance monitoring product that greatly expands the range of application transactions it can track.
AP - Researchers studying DNA from 500-year-old bone slivers said Friday that preliminary data suggests Christopher Columbus might be buried in Spain, rather than in a rival tomb in the Dominican Republic  #151; but for now they cannot be sure.
Reuters - New Jersey has spurned an offer by\Venezuela's national oil company to donate an island in the\Delaware River as a bald eagle preserve, but the eagles which\nest there will still be protected from planned development.
PalmOne's product revamp includes a Tungsten handheld that won't let data die and a Treo packed with higher-end features.
Computer Associates International Inc. (CA) expects to fill its chief executive officer (CEO) vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said Friday.
Microsoft has improved its support for Windows NT 4.0 Server and has outlined how it will end support for e-mail system Exchange Server 5.5.
BusinessWeek Online - Seventy-five years is a mere blink of history's eye. Yet since 1929, when BusinessWeek was first published, the world has been transformed by profound innovation and technological wizardry. Three-quarters of a century ago, there were no safe and effective antibiotics, no jet travel, no commercial television, and no computers. Many died of routine infections. A five-day ocean voyage was the main way to get from America to Europe, and "wireless" meant the wood-paneled Radiola in the parlor. Since then our mastery of the physical and biological world has strengthened remarkably. ...
AP - The European judge deciding whether to suspend the European Union's landmark antitrust ruling against Microsoft Corp. pushed the EU to justify its sweeping order  #151; questioning Friday whether the move would rein in the U.S. software giant or raise costs for others.
&lt;strong&gt;Exclusive&lt;/strong&gt; Opteron is go go go
Computer Associates has been without a permanent CEO since Sanjay Kumar stepped down in April. Kumar was indicted last month on charges related to accounting scandal at CA and has pleaded innocent to the charges.
From a changed attitude at PeopleSoft Inc. to the company's acquisition of J.D. Edwards   Co. last year, Craig Conway clearly made a difference during his five years as CEO.
After his company announced plans to acquire security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions, Red Hat Inc. CEO and chairman Matthew Szulik spoke to Computerworld about the company's plans.
The Justice Department has decided to drop its legal efforts to block Oracle from moving ahead with its 15-month-old hostile takeover bid for rival PeopleSoft.
Some 250 CIOs surveyed last month by CIO magazine said they expect their IT budgets to grow by 7.4 during the next year, down slightly from the 8.9 spending increase respondents predicted in August.
Increasing front-side bus speed from 800 to 1,066 MHz addresses crucial bottleneck in system performance.
First products from Alaxala Networks include a high-end gigabit router, a high-end multilevel switch and a mid-range multilevel switch.
In a move designed to help it better compete in Europe, Hewlett-Packard said it has acquired Synstar PLC, a U.K.-based technology services firm, for \$293 million.
Sun this week unleashed its Java 2 Platform Standard Edition 5.0, code-named Tiger, an upgrade that includes more than 100 new features.
Yoran helped form US-CERT, the government #39;s cybersecurity information clearing house, but was reportedly frustrated with his post #39;s limited authority and budgets.
Oct. 1, 2004 - A research team that showed herring communicate by farting and the authors of a study on the effect of country music on suicide were among the winners of the 2004 Ig Nobel prize.
As the new iMac G5 makes its way to customers, Apple has added an iMac G5 Troubleshooting Assistant to its online support area. The system starts with broad issues, such as  quot;When I press 
BERKELEY, Calif.--Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates kicked off a whirlwind day in the Bay Area on Friday, talking to college students about a range of topics, from open-source software to malaria to the next Xbox.
Reuters - Online futures traders raised their\bets on Democratic presidential candidate Sen. John Kerry on\Friday after the first debate with President Bush, although the\overall odds still favored the incumbent.
Reuters - The United States has nothing\to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in China and\India, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of\Microsoft Corp.  said on Friday.
 BERKELEY, Calif. (Reuters) - The United States has nothing  to fear from rapidly growing technology markets in China and  India, Bill Gates, chairman and chief software architect of  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; said on Friday.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
The annual cap of 65,000 new H-1B visas for the fiscal year just started has been met, CNET News.com has learned.
The Recording Industry Association of America has filed a new round of lawsuits against 762 people it believes have been illegally posting and downloading music on such networks as Kazaa and eDonkey.
Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
Hewlett-Packard Co. on Friday announced that it has completed its\$293 million acquisition of UK-based IT services company Synstar PLC.
WASHINGTON - The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file-traders using P-to-P (peer-to-peer) services, with the total number of lawsuits filed since September 2003 now reaching more than 5,500.
BERKELEY, CALIFORNIA - "You can't go wrong in computer science," Microsoft Corp. Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates told University of California, Berkeley students on Friday. Some students, however, were unhappy with the way Gates responded to questions about increasing competition for jobs from China and India.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
LUXEMBOURG - The judge deciding whether Microsoft Corp. must comply with the European Commission's remedies for the company's antitrust violations questioned Friday whether the steps ordered by the Commission will effectively curb Microsoft's power.
AdWeek.com - Internet ad revenue rose nearly 40 percent to  #36;4.6 billion in the first half of 2004 compared to the year-ago period, according to a report released last week. In the second quarter, online ad revenue was  #36;2.37 billion, up almost 43 percent from  #36;1.66 billion during the same period last year and up 6 percent from  #36;2.23 billion in the first quarter. The figures are from the Internet Revenue Report, sponsored by the Interactive Advertising Bureau and conducted independently by the New Media Group of PricewaterhouseCoopers. ...
The United States #39; top computer-security official has resigned after a little more than a year on the job, the US Department of Homeland Security said on Friday.
Microsoft has lost the FAT, and it #39;s not part of a slimming down regimen. In a stinging defeat, the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) has declared Microsoft #39;s File Allocation Table (FAT) file 
A Pittsburgh research center will buy a Red Storm system and an Indian physics institute is getting an XD1.
The International Space Station (ISS) crew made steady progress with maintenance work this week. Expedition 9 Commander Gennady Padalka and NASA Station Science Officer Mike Fincke restored the primary oxygen 
(National-NBC) Oct. 1, 2004 - Scientists in Utah are finishing the job of salvaging material from the remains of the Genesis Space Capsule.
The director of cyber security for the Homeland Security Department, Amit Yoran, has resigned his post. The issue of whether cybersecurity was receiving sufficient attention at DHS created 
Weaknesses in the Energy Departments cybersecurity allowed hackers to successfully penetrate its systems 199 times last year in intrusions that affected 3,531 systems, the departments inspector general said.
Sun Microsystems #39; latest edition of its Java platform offers improved performance and scalability, better system monitoring and management, and an updated look and feel for the desktop client 
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) today filed 762 new lawsuits against alleged file traders using peer-to-peer (P-to-P) file sharing services.
First-come, first-served system 'not unethical'
CNET News.com's Charles Cooper says the board is only telling half the story behind the surprise firing of PeopleSoft's CEO.
roundup Plus: Cray signs two supercomputing customers...MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web...Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business...Cisco CEO's salary shoots up from \$1...SanDisk ups capacity on flash memory cards.
Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates chats with Berkeley students about everything from open source to malaria to the next Xbox.
Total number of suits filed by the music industry since 2003 exceeds 5500.
NEW YORK (Kyodo) Karaoke inventor Daisuke Inoue was awarded the humorous Ig Nobel peace prize in a Thursday ceremony at Harvard University for  quot;providing an entirely new way for people to learn to tolerate each other.
Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. on Friday unveiled a new SD Memory Card that doubles as a smart card, allowing consumers to use the product as a wallet or a train ticket, as well as to store music and pictures.
measured against the industry-standard LINPACK benchmark -- was able to turn in a sustained a performance of 36.01 teraflops. That edges it ahead of the three-year-old top mark 
com October 1, 2004, 4:25 PM PT. Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. A camera phone -- and its quick-thinking owner -- are being credited with solving a robbery. The victim is a limo driver who was washing his car in Nashville, Tennessee, today.
Yoran was a software executive with Symantec Corporation when he was tapped a year ago to become director of the National Cyber Security Division in the Department of Homeland Security.
The government #39;s cybersecurity chief resigned this week after serving a year with the Homeland Security Department. Amit Yoran, the first director of the National Cyber Security Division, said 
Description: Daisuke Inoue, the inventor of karaoke, was awarded the 2004 Ig Nobel Peace Prize last night,  quot;for inventing karaoke, thereby providing an entirely new way for people to learn to tolerate each other.
It wasn #39;t  quot;Plastics quot; as Dustin Hoffman was advised in the movie The Graduate, but computers that Bill Gates told a college audience would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
Police had a mugshot of a robbery suspect before he was arrested. Thanks to a camera phone, they even had a picture of his getaway vehicle.
In the spirit of being at the university, the Microsoft chairman also talked about when open-source licenses make sense. By Aaron Ricadela.
AP - The U.S. Postal Service has canceled a brief experiment that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the Unabomber.
Antepo will release Version 4.5 of its Open Presence Network (OPN) enterprise IM system on Monday. The new version features the capability to integrate messaging systems that use the XMPP system pioneered 
InfoWorld - Network appliance will announce this week additional capabilities and partnerships for its NetApp NetCache line of Internet security appliances. Meanwhile, EMC will unveil a major upgrade to its ILM (information life cycle management) product line with a focus on adding application-aware components.
Investor's Business Daily - SBC Communications on Monday plans to roll out a new messaging service that would let consumers check their wireless voice mail on a computer or access e-mail via a touch-tone landline phone.
AFP - The Silicon Valley dogfight between Oracle and PeopleSoft took a new turn as PeopleSoft dumped the chief executive leading its takeover defense, and US regulators dropped their antitrust case.
AP - NASA's spaceflight leadership council decided Friday to delay the spring 2005 launch date for the first shuttle scheduled to return to space since last year's Columbia tragedy, citing hurricane damage and more work needed to meet a panel's recommendations.
AP - North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare and endangered whales can be saved.
AP - Thrilling visitors and scientists alike, the only great white shark currently on display anywhere in the world marked its 17th day in captivity Friday, setting a record for longevity in an aquarium tank.
AP - Three or four times every minute, Mount St. Helens shivered. Sometimes the majestic peak even shuddered, the trembling beneath reaching a crescendo, a magnitude of 3.3.
AP - Mount St. Helens, the volcano that blew its top with cataclysmic force in 1980, erupted for the first time in 18 years Friday, belching a huge column of white steam and ash after days of rumblings under the mountain.
AP - Pam Morret and her husband, Lynn, missed the big eruption of Mount St. Helens in 1980. They sure were not going to miss this one.
Ousted PeopleSoft CEO will get a severance package of between \$10 million and \$20 million.
GPS, radar systems and digital cameras help scientists, but Mount St. Helens isn't a hotbed of the latest technology.
They let developers create software that supports 64-bit x86 chips--important in making the new generation of chips useful.
Sandia's motion detector could help predict if earthquakes are coming or if airplane parts are about to rip loose.
A software slipup in RealNetworks' music player means that Windows, Mac and Linux computers could be compromised by a movie.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance here Friday at the Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
ROME - The United States' new biometric system of border controls violates civil rights without delivering security, the head of the London-based civil liberties watchdog Privacy International warned Friday. The system involves a "wholesale and aggressive violation" of privacy but was also likely to generate errors and eventually collapse under its own weight, Privacy International Director Simon Davies said.
Microsoft founder also tells college students outsourcing jobs is not a 'zero-sum game.'
InfoWorld - MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- #160; Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance here Friday at the Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
On a cold December night in Denver, a storm was brewing. The sky was clear, the stars visible to most even through the haze of the downtown lamp lights. But on the sidewalks, on the TV, and on the static of talk radio you knew a battle was about to be waged.
BERKELEY, Calif. Bill Gates weighed in on the subject of job outsourcing during a speech at UC Berkeley today -- a big topic with the audience of engineering students whose futures now seem as uncertain as Silicon Valley #39;s economy.
Reuters - California's pioneering law aimed\at cracking down on spyware -- signed this week to curb the\software that hides on computers and secretly follows users\around the Web -- is only a partial step toward protecting\consumers, critics said on Friday.
US regulators have yet to complete an advanced system for fully analyzing crash data to identify defects four years after the deadly Firestone tire debacle prompted an overhaul of federal auto safety oversight, a government watchdog 
Soon you'll have the ability to pinpoint a car's or a person's location to within less than three inches using handheld devices.
washingtonpost.com - SAN FRANCISCO -- He calls himself Abu Maysara al Iraqi, or father of Maysara the Iraqi, and he's a master at being everywhere and nowhere in the virtual world, constantly switching his online accounts and taking advantage of new technologies to issue his communiqu #233;s to the world.
The Internet has emerged as a prime tool for Islamic radicals, who use its anonymity to coordinate secret operations and get their message to the public without fear of detection.
LUXEMBOURG, Oct. 1 -- A European judge today cast a skeptical eye on whether Microsoft Corp. should be forced to create two versions of its Windows operating system, one with its program for playing digital music and videos and one without.
Shares of SI International Inc. jumped nearly 16 percent Friday on news the Reston, Va., company plans to sell 3.2 million of its shares together with affiliates of equity firm Frontenac.
Amit Yoran has abruptly resigned his position with the Homeland Security Department. Olga Grkavac, senior vice president of the Information Technology Association of America, confirmed that 
The judge in Microsoft's appeal of the antitrust measures imposed by the European Commission questioned the wisdom of those moves as the hearing wound up.
Hackers wasted little time in exploiting a flaw in the way Microsoft software handles graphics files. Internet watchers say they #39;ve spotted infected images that could implant a back door into a Windows computer if they are viewed.
Amit Yoran has now become the fourth US cybersecurity chief in a year to quit in frustration today, giving the government only a day #39;s notice.
BERKELEY, Calif. (CBS.MW) -- The computing problems to be solved in the next two decades will be more exciting than those that already have been solved, according to Microsoft #39;s Bill Gates.
The US space agency NASA says it has pushed the resumption of space shuttle flights back one or two months until at least May next year.
Reuters - In Oct 1 story headlined "PeopleSoft Ousts CEO Amid Oracle\Battle," please read in paragraph 16 ... originally offering\ #36;16 a share ... instead of ... originally offering  #36;19.50 a\share ...
Astronomers are closely watching three sections of the sky after detecting three short but powerful X-ray bursts that may be harbingers of supernovas that could happen in the next few days.
WASHINGTON -- The nations top cyber-security official has resigned unexpectedly, raising new questions about the progress of efforts to protect the nations vast computer networks from terror attacks, electronic viruses and other threats, government 
Time magazine once called him  quot;the genius who gave voice to the common man in the 20th century, quot; comparing him (not entirely unseriously) to Mao Zedong and Mohandas Gandhi in influence.
AP - Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole  #151; and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it.
The Silent Hill series of games have always been ripe with weirdness and hellish alternate realities.
After a day spent reviewing its spectacular but wild spaceflight Wednesday, aerospace visionary Burt Rutan #39;s team is sticking to its plan to try to capture the Ansari X Prize with a second launch on Monday.
BERLIN: Apple Computer Inc is planning the next wave of expansion for its popular iTunes online music store with a multi-country European launch in October, the services chief architect said on Wednesday.
Mount St. Helens's small explosion, predicted for several days and posing no imminent danger to people in the region, was greeted with jaw-dropping delight by many.
NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules.
NASA has abandoned plans to resume flying the space shuttle next March because of the impact of four hurricanes on space agency centers and work schedules, officials said Friday.
Apple Computer #39;s lovely little music player dominates the market, and its design and simplicity make it hard to beat. But let #39;s face it - the iPod is the luxury car of hard-drive music players.
World News Canberra, Oct 2 : Up to 2,000 female koalas will be implanted with a slow-release hormone in Australia to keep their numbers down, reports Xinhua.
a limousine driver -sed his cell phone #39;s camera to snap photos of the robber and the robber #39;s truck, police said.
TechWeb - Netflix, TiVo team up to work with Hollywood studios to develop technology for the delivery of video programming over the Internet.
Bill Gates, chairman of Microsoft, told a gathering of students of the University of California at Berkeley yesterday that computers would be the ticket to a good career in the near future.
WASHINGTON, October 2 (Itar-Tass) -- The US space agency has decided to postpone shuttle missions resumption earlier planned for March or April next year.
HOUSTON Oct. 2, 2004 - The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA because hurricane damage and implementation of new safety measures made a spring 2005 launch  quot;no longer achievable.
ATHENS, Greece -- A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
ATHENS -- A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled inside a bronze vessel, a Greek archeologist said yesterday.
SASKATOON -- Transport Canada approved yesterday an application for a suborbital space launch by a Canadian team competing in an international race to put civilians into space.
Reuters - Four Australian men have committed\suicide after being caught up in an investigation into child\Internet pornography that has resulted in more than 200\arrested and charged for 2,000 offences, police said on\Saturday.
Recipients of this year's Ig Nobel Prizes, which honor the best in oddball research, run the gamut from a nudist library to a psychology experiment featuring a man in a gorilla suit to a recent finding that herrings communicate by farting. By Mark Baard.
Satisfied that his spaceplane is sound despite a series of unexpected rolls during Wednesday's flight, Burt Rutan will send SpaceShipOne aloft as scheduled to try to capture the \$10 million X Prize. By Dan Brekke.
Toronto's da Vinci Project says it has the go-ahead from the Canadian government for a manned space launch. Question is, can the crew catch up to Burt Ratan's SpaceShipOne, which is halfway to winning the \$10 million jackpot? By Dan Brekke.
The director of Homeland Security's National Cyber Security Division quits, giving one day's notice. His resignation comes during a push by the tech industry and several lawmakers to make cybersecurity a higher priority.
When Peter Molyneux designs a game, players take notice. Referred to by many in the video game industry as a man with a Midas touch, this soft-spoken British game maker 
A scientific dig has uncovered four pomegranates believed to be 2,500 years old preserved inside a woven basket nestled in a bronze vessel, a Greek archaeologist said Friday.
Valve #39;s Gabe has sent some fresh info to fan site HL Fallout in which he reveals the various Half-Life 2 retail and Steam packages that will be available to the public once Half-life 2 actually goes on sale.
EUROGAMER is reporting that Vivendi has informed its retail partners this week of the release dates for the long-awaited Half-Life 2, putting to bed speculation that the court case currently ongoing between Vivendi and Valve would delay the games release 
Sun Microsystems Inc. #39;s combative chief executive, Scott McNealy, fresh from resolving his long-running quarrel with archrival Microsoft Corp.
Ever since computer giant IBM announced earlier this week that they had developed the world #39;s fastest computer, the whole nation seems to be abuzz about supercomputers.
Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, has inserted his  quot;DREAM Act quot; into the budget authorization for the Justice Department, bypassing opposition from Republican leaders who have refused 
WASHINGTON -- An Environmental Protection Agency report charging that the agency undermined its own lawsuits against air polluters by changing key regulations was praised Friday by environmentalists and condemned by industry groups and the EPA itself.
com October 1, 2004, 11:39 AM PT. With the economy slowly turning up, upgrading hardware has been on businesses radar in the past 12 months as their number two priority.
Nashville - Thanks to a quick-thinking robbery victim and his camera-equipped cellphone, police had a photo of the suspect and tracked him down in 10 minutes, police said.
OCTOBER 01, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Computer Associates International Inc. expects to fill its CEO vacancy within the next 30 to 45 days, the company said today.
First of all, I #39;d like to thank the dozens of newsletter subscribers who took the time to respond to last week #39;s editorial,  quot;The Real World, quot; in which I talked about my son #39;s school #39;s decision to switch from Macs to PCs.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - When Virgin Group &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=VA.UL qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;VA.UL&lt;/A&gt; Chairman  Richard Branson put his brand on a U.S. mobile telephone  service two years ago, there appeared to be scant space for  newcomers to the crowded market.
Reuters - IBM has signed a seven-year,  #36;969.2\million contract with British bank Lloyds TSB to supply it with\Internet telephony and data services, IBM said on Monday.
HOUSTON, Oct. 1 -- NASA decided Friday to delay the spring 2005 launch of the first shuttle flight since Columbia disintegrated, citing hurricane damage and more work needed to implement safety recommendations.
The launch of the first Space Shuttle since the Columbia disaster has been delayed because of the impact of hurricane damage and the implementation of new safety measures.
Reuters - Researchers called the situation in\Darfur a "demographic catastrophe" on Friday after the first\scientific study done in the region found high death rates both\before and after the displacement of some 1.5 million people.
NASA -- NASA is planning to launch the Demonstration of Autonomous Rendezvous Technology (DART) flight demonstrator no earlier than Oct. 26, 2004, from Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif...
National Center for Atmospheric Research -- Computer models of Earth's climate have consistently linked long-term, high-magnitude variations in solar output to past climate changes.     Now a closer look at earlier studies of the Sun casts doubt on evidence of such cycles of brightness, their intensity and their possible influence on Earth's climate...
By PAM EASTON    HOUSTON (AP) -- The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA because hurricane damage and implementation of new safety measures made a spring 2005 launch "no longer achievable."    March or April had been the tentative date selected by NASA's spaceflight council, which announced the delay Friday.    The council, in Houston to discuss the Oct...
A University of Colorado study has embarked on demonstrating that new planets can be found with the help of an orbiting starshade. The method has been compared to building a giant pinhole camera in space.
The head of the US space agency, NASA, says private enterprise will play an important role in space in the future. While visiting California, NASA administrator Sean O #39;Keefe watched the launch of the privately 
The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. There should be an MS tax, no there shouldn #39;t... (Score:2, Insightful). OK, colour me not 
MOJAVE, Calif.--As the sun cracked the ragged horizon of the Mojave Desert on Wednesday, the White Knight aircraft taxied onto the runway looking like a gigantic model glider with an oversize torpedo latched to its belly.
IBM has reclaimed the title of world #39;s fastest supercomputer, overtaking a Japanese computer that shocked the US government when it set a computing speed record in 2002.
Ziff Davis - The competition between open-source and proprietary software promises to be the most significant force in IT over the next decade.
Ziff Davis - NEC Solutions America is shipping a version of its blade server bundled with a fault-tolerant version of Linux.
By Serena Gordon, HealthDay Reporter    Even passive smoke can make you a nocturnal noisemaker, study finds    HealthDayNews -- Your chances of getting a peaceful night's sleep are better if you don't smoke, or spend time around anyone who does.    That's because smoking -- both active and passive -- makes it more likely you'll snore the night away, according to a study in the October issue of the American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine...
By E.J. Mundell, HealthDay Reporter    Other drugs on the market offer arthritis relief, experts say    HealthDayNews -- A day after one of the largest drug recalls in history, America's 2 million Vioxx users are left wondering what's next in terms of relieving their arthritis pain...
By MARY PEMBERTON     ANCHORAGE, Alaska (AP) -- North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback...
The earthquakes that started a week ago at Mount St. Helens -- precursors to Friday's eruption -- are a reminder that the 8,364-foot sleeping giant is but a part of a volcanic "ring of fire" so vast that it encircles the Pacific Ocean.
By JAN M. OLSEN     COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) -- Denmark is joining Russia and Canada to see if it can lay a claim to the North Pole - and whatever natural riches may lie beneath it...
Partners of Computer Associates International had their concerns rekindled last week after CA announced layoffs and product changes with little detail.
By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- The U.S. government will offer over the Internet low-quality images of its new \$50 bill for artists, students and others who discover that their computers, scanners or printers won't allow them to view or copy pictures of the new currency...
The U.S. Postal Service has canceled a brief experiment that allowed ordinary people to make postage stamps using images of their dogs, babies and even, it turned out, outlaws such as the Unabomber.
FT.com - Orange on Monday launched its long-delayed 3G mobile phone services in the UK, and predicted it would sell between 1.5 and 2m branded handsets by the end of 2006.
Game designers are often called the rock stars of the digital world, but that #39;s a load of hooey. Rock stars are pop gods and they transcend all bounds of genre to find success in the mainstream.
SiliconValley.com - When Craig Conway took charge at PeopleSoft in 1999, the maverick ex-Oracle salesman was given free rein to turn around the software maker's country-club atmosphere and whip it into shape for fierce competition. And, in large part, he succeeded.
SiliconValley.com - If there's a spirit that defines the many quirks and complexities of Pleasanton software company PeopleSoft, it emanates from its founder and once-again chief executive officer, David A. Duffield.
SEPTEMBER 29, 2004 (MACCENTRAL) - Apple Computer Inc. has improved the services offered to subscribers of .Mac. Previously, the amount of storage for a basic .
washingtonpost.com - When I showed PalmOne's new Treo 650 to a co-worker who had just bought the Treo 600, my now-jealous colleague paid this new model one of the highest compliments imaginable: a two-word obscenity we can't print.
SiliconValley.com - It sounds like a 1999 dot-com spin on eBay: A new San Mateo start-up called Jigsaw says it is launching a platform where users can buy, sell and trade business cards.
The purpose of the INDUCE ACT blog will be to consolidate available information concerning the Induce Act as well as to provide new and original content about it.
Microsoft is expanding its experimental Windows XP Starter Edition program to India, the company disclosed on Wednesday. It #39;s the second such announcement from Microsoft this week.
Nashville police were able to catch a robber within minutes after a robbery victim used a camera cell phone to snap a mug shot of the criminal as well as the getaway vehicle.
LOS ANGELES -- The music industry is continuing its campaign against people who illegally download music through file-sharing sites.
About one in three Americans think it #39;s more likely they #39;ll be audited by the IRS or win the lottery than fall victim to a virus or worm, the non-profit National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) said Friday as it released the results of a September survey.
AP - Glenn Johnson remembers running outside with canisters to catch some of the volcanic ash that began falling on Pullman after Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980. He wanted a souvenir.
On Monday, 47 years to the day after the Russians launched the worlds first satellite Sputnik, Mojave Aerospace, a private space company, will attempt to win the Ansari X Prize with their second launch in less than a week and demonstrate to the world 
You might know him best as the founder of MP3.com or the guy behind Lindows (or Linspire or whatever they #39;re calling it now), but Michael Robertson has another company up his sleeve called SIPphone.
Microsoft is removing features and cutting prices in India for a special version of its Windows XP operating system to tap the large market potential 
Opinion: SIPphone #39;s one good point is that Vonage-only router/terminal adapters must say Vonage on the boxand Vonage seems to be hurrying to do that consistently.
The end of summer lull for viruses and worms continues. We #39;re still seeing new versions of RBots, and a new Bagle, but nothing with teeth.
AP - Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs  #151; with a few caveats  #151; even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say. But the problems with Vioxx raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process and the length of time it took Merck to pull the drug, observers say.
Bookselling giant Barnes and Noble outlined plans to implement the SQL Server 2000 Business Intelligence offering.  quot;SQL Server 2000 will significantly reduce the time it takes our developers to aggregate data.
A pilot test of a program to expedite passenger screening and increase airline security has been successful enough to be worth continuing for the foreseeable future at five airports, Transportation Security Administration officials said.
Servers for small businesses are one of the fastest-growing areas of the IT market, according to market researcher IDC. Much of this is down to the Small Business Server (SBS) software 
The test program that allows pre-screened travelers to zip through airport security is being extended. The Registered Traveler Program had been scheduled to run for 90 days at each of five big airports.
Peter Diamandis founded the Ansari X-Prize in 1996. Named for the Ansari family of Dallas, Texas, and funded through private donations and corporate sponsorships, the X-Prize is a \$10 million purse aimed at jump-starting space tourism.
Google Inc. has made its name on advanced-search technology, but a company that launched Thursday with what could prove to be a better idea is poised to be a potential headache for Google as it battles against Yahoo Inc.
AP - Government scientists raised the alert level Saturday for Mount St. Helens after its second steam eruption in two days was followed by a powerful tremor. They said the next eruption was imminent or in progress, and could threaten life and property in the remote area near the volcano.
AP - Federal biologists evaluating the effects of shifting millions of gallons of water to Southern California from rivers in the north were ordered by their superiors to revise a conclusion that the plan would hurt endangered salmon, a newspaper reported Saturday.
After months waiting for Microsoft to give me a reason to remain loyal, I finally dumped Internet Explorer for the Firefox Web browser last week.
Both employers and prospective employees are finding that blogging can be useful in the job search process.
While Microsoft and Google dominate many computer activities like search and Internet browsing, programs and utilities from smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
Here #39;s an interesting question: why is Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer (IE) so bad? Not only is it outdated and tired compared with the competition, it is also exceedingly vulnerable to attack.
The state chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in Seattle is offering free legal help to anyone facing FBI questioning.
AP - All former U.S. prisoners of war who suffer from heart disease or stroke will receive government health care benefits without having to prove the ailments were linked to their captivity, Veterans Affairs Secretary Anthony Principi said Saturday night.
AP - Dr. Robert Ersek, a 66-year-old plastic surgeon, invited reporters to his Texas operating room recently and, in front of their cameras, proceeded to liposuction himself. After numbing the skin near his navel, he slipped in a hollow tube about a quarter-inch wide and moved it back and forth until it had sucked out about half a pound of fat. Ersek's office throws away tons of liposuctioned fat every year. But he shipped his own to a California company for processing and long-term storage of some of the cells from that fat.
AP - For decades, Federico Solorzano has gathered old bones from the shores of Mexico's largest lake  #151; bones he found and bones he was brought, bones of beasts and bones of men.
Britain will run out of leading scientists unless science education is improved, says Professor Colin Pillinger.
Today, I got an e-mail from Amazon informing me that there was a problem with my account, and I wouldn #39;t be allowed to order any more products until I #39;d clicked on a link to update my information.
AP - North Pacific right whales may not be going extinct after all. Scientists have found twice as many right whales in the Bering Sea as previously spotted, giving them hope the rare whales are making a comeback.
LOS ANGELES : A private US spaceship is set to blast off for the second time in five days on Monday in the final stage of an attempt to clinch a US\$10 million prize aimed at launching a new era of space tourism.
You can #39;t say that Burt Rutan and the space pioneers at Mojave, Calif.-based Scaled Composites don #39;t know how to put on a good show.
While Microsoft and Google dominate Internet browsing and search, smaller companies offer worthy alternatives.
SpaceShipOne - as much a work of art as a groundbreaking flying machine -as recast the mold for spaceflight established by NASA largely because it doesn #39;t have to worry 
One of the ironies of Wednesdays flight of SpaceShipOne is that those who had the worst view of the flightand the drama that unfolded during the ascentwere the members of the media who came to report on the event.
Online search engine upstart Vivisimo is setting out to convince the masses that Google #39;s vaunted technology isn #39;t the most efficient way to find things on the Internet.
Nintendo #39;s press conferences at the Los Angeles Electronic Entertainment Expo have always been more raucous than those of its competitors.
US computers users know more about Janet Jackson #39;s breasts than about security software on their own PC. A survey found that 90 of those asked could remember when Ms Jackson suffered her  quot;wardrobe malfunction quot;.
Google executives have long conceded that one of their great fears is to be overtaken by a more advanced Internet search technology.
Some US computer users vastly under-estimate the dangers of going online, a survey shows.
Devices have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Rob Pegoraro&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday and said the new simpler look will replace the old one in a few weeks. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-Leslie Walker&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
10/03/04. During a week dominated by the first presidential debate and continued atrocities in Iraq, some cool news pretty much got lost in the shuffle: the first of two flights into space 
A commercial spaceliner and a Woodstock-like space festival are the next planned steps in what has been called a  quot;personal space flight revolution.
Microsoft today unveiled a technical preview of SQL Server 2005 Express Manager, a newly developed free database management tool and the second Community Technology Preview of the SQL Server 2005 database.
The Recording Industry Association of America has wielded a heavy legal arsenal in its war against illegal music downloads, including filing another round of lawsuits on Thursday - this time against 762 people.
washingtonpost.com - Yahoo's Spartan home page will look even less flashy soon, thanks to an upcoming makeover. The Web media giant offered a preview of its redesigned front page Tuesday (www.yahoo.com/upgrade) and said the simpler look will replace the old one in a few weeks.
washingtonpost.com - BlackBerrys and Bluetooth share an embarrassing trait -- these two uses of wireless technology have remained stubbornly irrelevant to many mainstream users, despite the benefits they might offer and the hype they often get in the press.
US scientists warn that Mount St Helens volcano in Washington state is likely to erupt again at any time.
Scientists monitoring Mount St. Helens, which erupted with a minor explosion on Friday, said that they were expecting a more powerful explosion within a day or so.
Early autumn is a fine time for stargazers, with generally clear skies, moderate temperatures and darkness falling earlier and earlier in the evenings.
At the behest of the open source-loving Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT), the US Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) has rejected all of the claims made in one of the four patents that Microsoft holds on the Windows file system.
I got fired from my job last night. To celebrate I threw a party where I flirted with three women and danced with two men. I then trashed my house and, in a fit of angry spite, stole my neighbor #39;s garden gnome.
Scientists hope to build a giant pinhole camera in space to spot planets orbiting distant stars. The New Worlds Imager would be the size of a football field with a 30ft wide hole in the centre.
THERE #39;S no space in the space station. So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk. Only this stuff floated away in space.
Mojave, Calif.Years from now, when future historians write about the democratization of space, don #39;t be surprised if this dusty, scrappy little town comes to be known as the 21st-century equivalent of Kitty Hawk.
Music downloading and file-sharing are on the increase, and record companies who attempt to regulate illegal downloaders get short shrift from internet users, a survey reveals today.
A team of aviation pioneers with dreams of one day offering tourist trips into space will tomorrow attempt to clinch a 5.5 million prize by launching a craft beyond the 
OCTOBER 01, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - After his company announced that it #39;s acquiring security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to bolster its software arsenal (see story), Red Hat Inc.
Richard Branson plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space. Let #39;s hope we experience delays. This week Sir Richard Branson announced his plans to fly the first commercial passengers into space.
Vivisimo #39;s co-founder and chief executive, Raul Valdes-Perez, was a protege of Herbert Simon, a Nobel laureate who was a pioneer in artificial intelligence research.
SanDisk this week announced a series of CF (CompactFlash) cards that double the read and write speeds of its fastest flash cards available today, as well as an 8GB version of its Ultra II CF Type 1 flash memory card.
AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
News.com #39;s John Borland lays out the issues with shelving Microsoft #39;s insecure Internet Explorer with a non-MS brower, such as Firefox... The problem is that many Web developers create their sites so they 
ATLANTA - Nasa #39;s Atlanta-based Institute for Advanced Concepts has a new field of futuristic dreams to nurture - from engineering organisms that could live on Mars to swarms of microscopic satellites to map the Earth.
Genesis engineers and scientists have wrapped the crash site of the solar-wind collecting probe, with hopes of recovering mission objectives. A few disk fragments have been sent to California researchers, but NASA scientists are still working in Utah to preserve the bulk of the cargo.
Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismios breakthrough clustering technology.
What are the qualities required of an astronaut? In his marvellous book about the space pioneers, The Right Stuff, Tom Wolfe makes it clear that high on the list are a certain doggedness, combined with a complete lack of imagination.
LOS ANGELES (AFP) -- The world's first private manned spacecraft will make its second space flight in five days Monday in the final stage of its attempt to win a 10 million USD prize, organisers said.       SpaceShipOne is scheduled to take off at around 7:00 am (1400 GMT) and blast out of the earth's atmosphere just over an hour later in its quest for the Ansari X Prize purse, aimed at spurring a new era of commercial space travel...
By DIEDTRA HENDERSON     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Americans should feel reasonably safe taking government-approved prescription drugs - with a few caveats - even after a popular arthritis medication was pulled from the market, medical experts say. But the problems with Vioxx raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process and the length of time it took Merck to pull the drug, observers say...
Fat is a little-discussed source of stem cells, those versatile biological building blocks that can morph into a variety of tissues. However, fat-derived stem cells, researchers say, might someday provide replacement tissue for treating such conditions as Parkinson's disease, heart attacks, heart failure and bone defects.
Vivisimo Search Engine Clusty Offers More Targeted Search\\Vivisimo this week unveiled Clusty.com, the first full-service search engine site powered completely by Vivismio's breakthrough clustering technology. Instead of simply presenting long lists of results, Clusty.com groups search results into folder topics, giving users a quick overview of the main themes in ...
SAN JOSE, Calif. -- Cisco Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq:CSCO - News), today announced that several global carriers and research networks are now deploying and trialing the Cisco CRS-1 Carrier Routing System as a key 
Application migration specialist ArtinSoft is planning tools to smooth customers #39; transition from Oracle to Microsoft Corp #39;s SQL Server.
IBM Corp. claimed unofficial bragging rights Tuesday as owner of the world #39;s fastest supercomputer. For three years running, the fastest supercomputer has been NEC #39;s Earth Simulator in Japan.
AP - Thousands of tourists spent hours gazing at Mount St. Helens, packing buildings, crowding parking lots and watching from roadsides to see what the rumbling mountain would do next.
THE federal Office of Film and Literature Classification has refused to classify controversial game Manhunt, banning it from sale in Australia.
Otago University computer science lecturer and games expert Simon McCallum is urging parents to pay more attention to the ratings classifications on computer games, many of which, he says, are aimed at adults.
BACK in 1959, the seven men chosen to be the first Americans in space were trained on what Nasa called airborne microgravity missions.
No doubt, Google and Yahoo! are great search engines. Google is great in speed and straightforward search results, while Yahoo! excels in integration of services.
The United States space agency Nasa has salvaged precious solar dust from the \$260-million Genesis capsule that crashed to Earth three weeks ago.
I love movies, but I #39;d rather eat stale popcorn than wait in line at Blockbuster. So I joined Movielink and Starz Ticket on Real Movies.
Search Engine News Weekly Report - Clusty, Yahoo, and MSN\\The end of September and beginning of October has seen some changes in search engine news and the addition of a new search engine into the second tier search mix - Clusty. Additionally, MSN is planning on including search in their ...
The main oxygen generator for the international space station has failed, and the two astronauts on board may have to tap into an attached cargo ship #39;s air supply next week, NASA said Thursday.
Microsoft Entering the Anti-Spyware Market\\Microsoft decided to enter the Anti-Virus market sometime back when they bought Romanian antivirus firm GeCad in 2003. And they have been testing the application privately since sometime. No details are out on when and how they will release it. And now, they are contemplating entering ...
HOUSTON NASA has put off the first shuttle flight since the Columbia disaster because hurricanes postponed work on new safety measures.
On the evening of Oct. 27, North America will enjoy a total lunar eclipse, according to Fred Espenak, an astronomer at NASA #39;s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt.
Reuters - It began about a decade ago as an\e-mail newsletter from Craig telling friends about upcoming\events in San Francisco, and grew so popular it is now a\full-fledged online community with information on jobs,\apartments, even dating.
Reuters - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and\easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for\the sluggish selling devices.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - DVD recorders are getting cheaper and  easier to use, but that may not be enough to spark demand for  the sluggish selling devices.
Reuters - The harvesting of stem cells from\human embryos will continue to be funded by the EU, the\incoming European Union research chief said on Friday, vowing\to keep an open mind while taking ethical views into account.
It began about a decade ago as an e-mail newsletter from Craig telling friends about upcoming events in San Francisco, and grew so popular it is now a full-fledged 
October #39;s lunar eclipse is well-placed for North and South America as well as western Europe and Africa. From the United States, the eastern two-thirds of the country will see the entire eclipse (weather permitting).
NEW YORK, OCT 3: Computer major IBM claims it has developed the Blue Gene/L to be the worlds most powerful computer, pushing the current ranker Japans Earth Simulator to the second slot.
A private space plane is set to shoot beyond Earth #39;s atmosphere for the second time in a week on Monday in a pioneering bid to win a \$10 million prize and prove that space is open for business.
AP - There has been a volcano on this site for 40,000 years  #151; the youngest and most active peak in a 1,000-mile Cascade Range chain that extends from Mount Garibaldi in Canada to Mount Lassen in Northern California.
LOS ANGELES A private spaceship is to blast off for the second time in a week on Monday in the final stage of an attempt to win a \$10 million prize.
The US Patent and Trademark Office has preliminarily rejected a Microsoft patent on a system for recognizing computer files, a victory for  quot;open source quot; advocates 
The Genesis team is preparing to ship its samples of the Sun from the mission #39;s temporary cleanroom at the US Army Proving Ground, Dugway, Utah, to NASA #39;s Johnson Space Center, Houston.
AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
AP - In a tradition that has become as venerable as the 103-year-old Nobel Prizes themselves, the guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards this week has entered full swing.
Global semiconductor sales growth slowed to 1 percent in August as electronics makers reacted to growing inventories in Asia by limiting orders of chips, an industry trade group said on Thursday.
The Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) has filed 762 lawsuits against users who were using file trading programs to download music over the internet.
Reuters - (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and\technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any\opinions in the column are his alone.)
  (Gene Emery is a columnist who covers science and  technology. His Internet address is GEmery(at)Cox.net. Any  opinions in the column are his alone.)
Leading distributor of Linux open source solutions to the enterprise Red Hat, Inc has entered into a definitive asset purchase agreement with America Online, Inc to acquire certain assets of Netscape Security Solutions.
MOJAVE, Calif. The SpaceShipOne aircraft is one flight away from clinching the Ansari X Prize, a 10-(m)million-dollar award for the first privately developed manned rocket to reach space twice within 14 days.
AP - This November, Eileen Rivera Ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. Blind voters in Maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
AFP - Browsing medical sites on the Internet can bring on a condition dubbed  quot;cyberchondria quot;, in which patients diagnose themselves incorrectly and seek treatment they do not need, a British study said.
AP - SpaceShipOne is one flight away from clinching the Ansari X Prize, a  #36;10 million award for the first privately developed manned rocket to reach space twice within 14 days.
AP - Fish with both male and female sex tissue have been discovered near Colorado wastewater treatment plants on the South Platte River and Boulder Creek.
Microsoft CEO says he believes the situation has improved greatly and can only get better.
In the literary corners of the Web, poets denounce T. S. Eliot and fans write new stories for Jane Austen's characters.
It has the technology to land men on the moon and send probes into the darkest reaches of space. But Nasa #39;s newest project has more in common with school science lessons than Star Wars.
A Gartner analyst finds a direct connection between Linux and piracy: many systems come preinstalled with Linux to keep prices down but then bogus copies of Windows get loaded.
I got hold of the beta version of this much hyped up upgrade to the very popular instant messaging client MSN Messenger 7. I installed it on a test machine to see what new things it has to offer me.
AP - Mount St. Helens stewed in volcanic gases and low-level earthquakes Sunday, with crowds of eager tourists hoping to glimpse an eruption that scientists said could happen immediately or take a few weeks.
The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. More like New Clustering Search Engine goes Beta.
Halsey M. Minor, the founder of CNET, is now running his own, very private, investment fund.
Bob Edwards, formerly of National Public Radio, is set to start broadcasting over satellite radio, which came broadly available in the United States just three years ago.
In most Internet categories, successful sites have led to copycats. But one growing Internet service has attracted a loyal following but, strangely, no rivals.
pioneering bid to win a \$10 million (5.6 million pounds) prize and prove that space is open for business. space travel as ordinary as a Caribbean cruise.
The King of Sweden was not there and the circumstances were a bit short of pompous, but 15 intrepid scientists attained a modicum of fame last week as this year #39;s winners of coveted Ig Nobel Prizes.
US scientists have unraveled the genetic map of a microscopic algae that absorbs huge amounts of greenhouse gases. These organisms are incredibly important in the global carbon cycle, said Virginia Armbrust 
While many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing that they're not reliable, one bloc remains steadfast behind the new equipment - disabled voters who say the machines give them long-denied privacy.
SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately developed spaceship, is fueled and ready to embark this morning on a flight into space in a bid to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
LOS GATOS, Calif. - Netflix Inc. and TiVo Inc. made official Thursday their deal to create a service that will use high-speed Internet connections to pipe DVD-quality movies into the homes of their mutual subscribers.
The SpaceShipOne team will attempt to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday, the 47th anniversary of the start of the first space race when the Soviet Union launched its Sputnik satellite.
An exhibition is being held in Beijing to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Pei Wenzhong,the discoverer of the first Peking Man skull.
There #39;s no space in the space station. With no garbage pickup by shuttles for nearly two years, the international space station is looking more and more like a cluttered attic.
PalmOne's Tungsten T5 comes with 256MB of flash memory, so you never risk losing your data.
After just two months in testing, Yahoo has pushed its local search out of beta and is giving the service prominent exposure on the Yahoo home page.
XM Satellite's recruitment of well-known personalities, including Bob Edwards, has been the most aggressive effort to date to win listeners.
Sony Music Entertainment Japan has decided to drop the copy-protection on its CDs from November 17 onwards. Copy protection was introduced by the company in January last year.
 quot;Anyone who has RealPlayer is affected, and there are many people with RealPlayer, quot; said Marc Maiffret, chief hacking officer at software security company eEye Digital Security, the company that discovered the security issue.
Sony Corp. #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
US COMPUTER users know more about the Janet Jackson #39;s breast exposure than they down about their own anti-virus software, according to a survey.
A maverick California company is poised to launch a bid today to win the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, a global competition expected to spur a  quot;personal spaceflight revolution.
A survey by the National Cyber Security Alliance has suggested one in three Americans think they #39;re more likely to win the lottery than get to a computer virus.
WASHINGTON, OCTOBER 1: Researchers who found a link between country music and suicide, and a man who patented his combover hairstyle won IgNobel Awards for true but funny experiments.
So, a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing away - done during a recent spacewalk -as done cautiously so 
So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away -- done 
Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
In a crowded corporate market where handhelds and handsets are fighting it out for supremacy, PalmOne will introduce a device this week it hopes will cut through the noise.
The first shuttle flight since the Columbia tragedy has been pushed back by NASA. This is due to hurricane damages and implementation of new safety measures.
The State Technology Office plans to cancel two multimillion-dollar contracts, now that several investigations have discovered two companies were given unfair advantages.
So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as 
NEITHER APPLE nor Microsoft will join a consortium formed today to address digital rights management for music and films. But the Coral Consortium has heavyweight firms Sony, Samsung, Philips, Matsushita, HP and 20th Century Fox backing their plans.
Sony Corp #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Linux distributor Red Hat Inc. RHAT.O said on Thursday that it had bought Netscape #39;s computer user identification and management technology from America Online Inc.
MOUNT VERNON - Mickey Bambrick, who home-schools her 5-year-old son, is already on the second reading of the books at her small public library in La Conner, Skagit County.
Web surfers in the United States and five other countries will be invited this week to begin using a new version of MSN Messenger that includes a search function in the message window, reports on the Web said.
InfoWorld - Macromedia on Monday is announcing Captivate, formerly known as RoboDemo, for recording onscreen activity and building software demonstrations and interactive simulations.
AP - The guessing game over who will take home the world's most coveted awards ends this week with the announcement of the 2004 Nobel Prize winners.
AT amp;T Corp. and Internet telephone provider Vonage said on Thursday they were cutting prices for their residential Internet calling services by \$5 per month, the strongest 
AP - Plant geneticist Ted Hymowitz knew that finding an allergy-free soybean would take a painstaking search through thousands of varieties. So Hymowitz got a grant, fetched a hammer and pounded away until he proved he was right.
MOJAVE, Calif. Oct. 4, 2004 - Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen has sunk more than \$20 million into developing a manned rocket that reaches space.
Bill Gerstenmaier from NASA #39;s Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, has been manager of the International Space Station (ISS) programme for just over two years.
Its not really much of a surprise at this point, but at least we can now openly talk about the T5 and its specs. The palmOne Tungsten T5 features a Tungsten E-esque design, a brilliant 320x480 display, 256MB RAM, Bluetooth and several software updates.
PalmOne has introduced the Tungsten T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory aimed at physicians and healthcare professionals. The Tungsten T5 handheld #39;s flash memory protects information even if the device 
TheDeal.com - The takeover fight moves to Delaware's Court of Chancery, even as PeopleSoft dismisses its CEO.
The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
PalmOne launched the Tungsten T5, its first PDA to ship with 256MB of memory and the first to operate as a USB Flash drive, this morning, as anticipated.
A consortium of technology companies hopes to create a common antipiracy language, ending the Babel of copy-proofing technologies that has rendered much digital content and hardware incompatible.
Sony is abandoning its copy-protected CDs that use built-in technology to limit copying them. The CDs allow users to copy their music once for free onto a personal computer, but use the internet to charge a fee for subsequent copies of the same disc.
SigmaTel's chips claimed to have won Apple's support
That #39;s according to a straw poll of 493 people performed by the US non-profit group the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), which carried out a survey in mid-September at the Digital Edge Expo in Washington, DC.
Researchers are goading tiny organisms like bacteria and algae into producing fuels like hydrogen and methane. The process is not useful yet, but the technology could be a solution to the energy problem. By Amit Asaravala.
Open-source developers attempting to reverse-engineer the mysteries of private networking software turn to genomics research. They're applying algorithms developed by biologists to decipher the secrets of closed networks. By Danny O'Brien.
Wired News takes a trip down the historic Great River Road that winds along the full length of the mighty Mississippi. The route along 'Ol' Man River' is surprisingly rich in techie tinkerers. By Michelle Delio.
Looking for ways to satisfy a growing need for power and reduce pollution, China is turning to wind power, along with other green alternatives. By Stephen Leahy.
Voter databases are old hat to political campaigns. But by taking that same data and overlaying it on a map -- a technology called geographic information systems -- operatives are becoming more effective at getting out the vote. By Jacob Ogles.
Meet the special-effects gods who created the most anticipated game of the year. By David Kushner from Wired magazine.
Many voter rights' advocates are fighting to decertify electronic voting machines, arguing they're not reliable. But one bloc is behind the new equipment -- disabled voters who say the machines give them privacy.
The Golden State passes a law aimed at cracking down on what some feel is the internet's next scourge -- spyware. But critics say it's only a partial step toward protecting consumers.
The problems with Vioxx, taken off the market last week, raise questions about the Food and Drug Administration's safety review process. Observers say longer clinical trials should be required.
Make a stamp? Nope, no more, says the U.S. Postal Service. Though most used the service to create postage from images of their dogs, babies and weddings, some folks made legal postage out of images of not-so-nice people.
Last Thursday #39;s presidential debate was still in progress when the e-mails started trickling in from citizens around the country.
Hopes that Apple may be preparing a Flash-based iPod appeared to be dashed on Friday when the company #39;s alleged MP3 chip partner announced a deal with Apple portable player rival Rio.
The latest generation of mobile phones is vulnerable to hackers, a security conference is told.
The rocket plane SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the \$10m Ansari X-Prize.
The research arm of the MoD has come up with a portable lab that can used by vets, doctors and the food industry.
SpaceShipOne is just one flight away from claiming the Ansari X-Prize, a \$10m award designed to kick-start private space travel.
NEW YORK - The world of Web browsing has reached a tipping point. Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer browser has been and remains the de facto standard for Internet users.
New radio and online advertising, which targets children with safety advice when they are most at risk - when they are actually online, was unveiled by Home Office Minister Paul Goggins today.
Voice over IP calls are getting cheaper - Vonage and AT amp;T both announced lower monthly charges late last week. AT amp;T said it would reduce its monthly charge by five dollars to \$30 a month for unlimited local and long distance calls in Canada and the US.
IT #39;S BEEN a heck of an interesting two days here in Iceland. I #39;ve seen some interesting technology, heard some inventive speeches and met some people with different ideas.
Search engine company Vivisimo have launched the beta of their new Clusty search engine, and it #39;s open to the public to try out.
washingtonpost.com - The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
Reuters - Japanese game maker Nintendo Co. Ltd.\raised its full-year net profit forecast by 20 percent on\Monday, citing a stronger dollar and solid demand for software\titles for its handheld GameBoy Advance machine.
Reuters - A trio of powerful explosions\emanating from three different regions in space could mean\astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists\said on Friday.
The presidential ad war online is beginning to look more like a skirmish.
CSSI Inc. of Washington  was picked by the United States and the United Nations to carve out more airspace in the crowded sky.
Doctors routinely use plates, rods and screws to bolt a nasty bone fracture back together. But all of that hardware won't help heal the bone and muscle tissue surrounding the injury, said Thomas G. Roueche, president and chief executive of BioSurface Engineering Technologies Inc. of College Park.
\Two US scientists win the Nobel Prize for Medicine for uncovering the secrets of the human sense of smell.
SpaceShipOne will today attempt to reach an altitude of 100km for the second time in less than a fortnight, and thereby claim the \$10m X-Prize for the first private space vehicle to accomplish the feat.
FORMER con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the film Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help in the battle against cyber crime as spokesman for the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA) in a forthcoming campaign.
USATODAY.com - A tenuous relationship between Disney and Pixar has not stopped marketers from teaming on promotional tie-ins for the partnership's latest release, The Incredibles. Among those hoping to capitalize on the movie is SBC, which is promoting its Internet and satellite dish service.
USATODAY.com - XM Satellite Radio kicks off talk shows today featuring Bob Edwards, the husky-voiced National Public Radio star whose dismissal last spring caused an uproar from loyal listeners, and shock jocks Opie and Anthony, who were silenced two years ago after staging a stunt involving a couple having sex at St. Patrick's Cathedral in New York.
&lt;strong&gt;Review&lt;/strong&gt; Wireless networking for your Zire 72, Tungsten T3 or T5
The US space agency has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest because of hurricane disruption.
Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. And the throwing-away - done during a recent spacewalk -as 
The US space agency (Nasa) has pushed back the return to flight of the space shuttles until May at the earliest. The Discovery orbiter was due to launch in March or April on a mission to the International 
With HP and others offering direct sales, the brick-and-mortar giant is fighting fire with fire, offering its own products alongside theirs.
 quot;Today we raised the bar on security for the entire PC industry, quot; IBM Personal Computing Division General Manager Fran O #39;Sullivan said.
AP - Business software maker PeopleSoft Inc. said Monday that it expects third-quarter revenue to range between  #36;680 million and  #36;695 million, above average Wall Street estimates of  #36;651.9 million.
Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Monday\forecast third-quarter revenue would exceed Wall Street\expectations, helped by an increase in customers making larger\orders for its business software.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. officials are expected to  announce on Monday a coordinated crackdown on the theft of U.S.  intellectual property such as pirated compact discs and  knockoff auto parts, the Wall Street Journal reported on  Monday,
A privately built rocket plane\will try to blast out of the atmosphere over the Mojave Desert\on Monday for the second time in less than a week to win a \$10\million prize for the first commercially viable manned\spacecraft.
This November, Eileen Rivera Ley, 41, will vote by herself for the first time. Blind voters in Maryland and several other states will use electronic voting machines equipped with technology that allows the disabled to vote independently.
SpaceShipOne will attempt to rocket into space today for the second time - following last Wednesdays successful flight - in order to bag the \$10 million Ansari X Prize, which has gone unclaimed for eight years.
palmOne introduced Monday the Tungsten T5 handheld with 256 megabytes of flash memory - the most built into a handheld to date. Expected to be widely available 
A federal jury in New York has dealt a legal blow to Sun Microsystems Inc., ruling that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak Co. when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman confirmed on Monday.
BMC Software Inc. has added IBM Corp.'s IMS mainframe database to the platforms supported by its SmartDBA family of products, completing a two-year mission to provide tools for managing all of the major databases from a single, Web-based console.
Microsoft Corp. is developing versions of its Windows operating system with only a subset of the Windows code base, designed for specific server tasks, in a move that could reduce maintenance costs for customers and create products that are less vulnerable to attack.
A slowdown in demand for semiconductors that began earlier this year was caused in part by Chinese cellular handset makers' inexperience with managing their supply chains and forecasting end-user demand, according to the top executive at semiconductor distributor Avnet Inc.
Despite lingering fears of incompatibility between China's upcoming RFID (radio frequency identification) standard and international standards, the Chinese government's plans to impose a mandatory standard for RFID are unlikely to result in sharply higher costs for companies that use the technology, according to an Oracle Corp. executive.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
Movie studio won't commit to a format for releasing its films, however.
PalmOne Inc. on Monday introduced the Tungsten T5, the company #39;s latest high-end PDA. The new T5 sports flash memory that will retain data even if the device #39;s battery discharges, a 320 x 480 pixel color screen, Bluetooth standard and more.
Pittsburgh-based alternative search engine Vivsimo has unveiled Clusty.com, a full-service search site powered completely by the company #39;s clustering technology.
washingtonpost.com - It happens all the time to unlucky or unwise Windows users: A new computer crashes and burns after a crippling virus or worm attack. But things can fall apart inside a new PC without such outside help; everyday use can cause a slower form of rot that eventually hobbles the system as thoroughly as a virus might.
AP - The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles.
AP - A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football.
AP - The state Game and Fish Department is in the first year of a five-year radio collar study to learn more about pronghorns.
AP - Maryland students are celebrating the return of a popular program scrapped by the state last year that lets schools raise terrapin hatchlings and release them into their native habitat.
Outrun 2 looks great, plays great but ultimately offers too short a challenge.
Namibia  and South Africa are told at a Bangkok summit they can each kill five endangered black rhinos per year.
The domination of the 802.16 process by a handful of vendors is often criticized, but at least it has resulted in a measure of unity that is looking increasingly enviable as the other key IEEE wireless efforts fall prey to dangerous fragmentation, which 
Hoping to put in place the last missing piece of the Java stack, Gluecode Software and the Apache Software Foundation this week unwrapped Project Agila, which the companies claim is the first embeddable open source BPM engine.
Hoping to whet the appetite of developers specializing in mobile and embedded devices, Microsoft on Monday made available a free technology preview of Windows XP Embedded containing Service Pack 2 (SP2) that it expects to deliver by year's end.
Hoping to drive biometric devices into the mainstream, IBM on Monday unveiled its first ThinkPad that features an integrated fingerprint reader that will work in tandem with an embedded security system.
Check this web log throughout the day as CNN Anchor and Space Correspondent Miles O #39;Brien follows the progress of SpaceShipOne #39;s second flight in pursuit of the Ansari X Prize.
A  #39;music thief #39; (apparently) writes  quot;According to Steve Ballmer, CEO of Microsoft:  quot;The most common format of music on an iPod is  #39;stolen #39;.
The National Cyber Security Alliance is talking to us in a language we can understand. The NCSA polled American computer users and found that 90 could remember when Janet Jackson flashed the country, but 
The sequel to the best-selling Xbox game, Halo, is finished, say its makers.
AP - It's what executives of SBC Communications Inc. call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone.
AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
AP - U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group Inc. on Monday joined a group of companies promoting Blu-ray Disc, one of two competing formats for next-generation DVDs.
AP - While there has been more Internet advertising activity in this year's presidential race than in the past, the money spent on Web ads still pales in comparison to that allocated for TV commercials, the first-ever study of online political ads found.
After an unprecedented span of just five days, SpaceShipOne is ready for a return trip to space on Monday, its final flight to clinch a \$10 million prize.
Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. plans to unveil Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable USB flash drive.
IBM has released a biometric Thinkpad - the T42 laptop incorporates a fingerprint sensor for managing passwords and controlling access to sensitive documents and data.
AP - Singer-songwriter Billy Joel married his fiancee, 23-year-old Kate Lee, in a ceremony Saturday at his Long Island mansion, his record label said. Joel, 55, wed Lee in a sunset wedding at his waterfront home, Newsday reported in its online editions. Columbia Records, Joel's label, announced the marriage Saturday night. A spokeswoman for Joel could not immediately be reached for comment.
AP - Sony Corp.'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
AP - Oracle Corp. goes to trial Monday on its legal bid to dismantle the dwindling takeover defenses of PeopleSoft Inc., the rival it has been attempting to acquire for 15 months.
AP - The boiling magma rumbling and rising within Mount St. Helens isn't the only thing scientists fear. When large volcanoes erupt they can unleash an awesome arsenal of natural weapons, devastating communities and landscapes even hundreds of miles from the blast.
The next generation shuttle, designed to support eventual lunar stops on the way to Mars, may benefit from a NASA concept to separate crew and cargo in future missions. Before a crew is sent, the cargo will be waiting for them.
Oct. 4 - A group of private citizens in California are hoping to make another giant leap for mankind. SpaceShipOne has already made it to space and back.
The Columbia Accident Investigation Board (CAIB) Report has provided NASA with a roadmap to resume our journey into space. The recommendations reflect the Boards strong support for return to flight at the earliest date consistent with the 
The case has outraged some opponents of software patents, who claim it is a textbook example of why software should not be patentable.
Three-dimensional technology is changing the way buildings are designed and built--but the industry will have to change, too.
The new PalmOne handheld retains data even when the battery runs down.
The record series of four hurricanes that hit Florida in recent weeks has ended NASA #39;s hopes of returning the space shuttles to flight in March 2005, NASA announced on Friday.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer doesn #39;t think Apple will lead the way to tomorrow #39;s digital home - and describes iPod users as music thieves.
Peer-to-peer (P2P) file sharers in the UK could soon face legal action from the recording industry. Record companies in other countries have already started legal action against people sharing copyrighted music online.
The National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), a not-for-profit, public-private partnership focused on driving awareness and promoting education of cyber security within home user, small business, and education audiences, today announced October as National 
Yahoo Local Out of Beta\\This morning, while driving to work, I heard a radio commercial for Yahoo! Local. They simply said, go to Yahoo and click on the local link. Unfortunately, it took me several seconds to scan the Yahoo home page to locate the Local link, buried with the ...
AP - Microsoft co-founder Paul G. Allen, in a nod to the city where he got his start, is helping launch a museum gallery devoted to the history of computing.
AP - Burnsville police have begun using an electronic device that translates English into 15 languages in just a few seconds, hoping to save time when questioning the city's Somali, Spanish, Russian and Southeast Asian communities.
AP - The Henry Ford  #151; a venue that includes the Henry Ford Museum, Greenfield Village, an IMAX Theatre and the Ford Rouge Factory Tours  #151; is teaming up with one of the country's largest Internet providers.
AP - When Naoko Ito uses a public bathroom, she cringes in embarrassment at the thought that other patrons can hear the sounds coming from her stall. That's when she turns to the "Sound Princess."
AP - PeopleSoft Inc. Monday raised its forecast for the just-ended quarter, helped by an increased average selling price and strong performances in North America and Europe.
The Supreme Court turned away a challenge Monday to the federal do-not-call registry, ending telemarketers' bid to invoke free-speech arguments to get the popular ban on unwanted phone solicitations thrown out. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-AP&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
By MARCIA DUNN    CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) -- There's no space in the space station...
LINCOLN, Neb. (AP) -- A physics professor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln has published a book that explains how the laws of nature interact with the game of football...
In a preliminary ruling, the government rejected Microsoft Corp. #39;s 1996 patent on technology for saving files on computers using easy-to-remember names.
New PalmOne handheld doubles as flash drive and retains data even when the battery runs down.
Operating systems would be designed for specific server tasks, company says.
Rocket plane SpaceShipOne is attempting a second space flight in a bid to clinch the \$10 million Ansari X-Prize. Judges officially confirmed that pilot Mike Melvill took the craft to 64 miles on Wednesday #39;s first flight.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer told invited press at a London briefing that Microsoft would prevail over Apple, Sony and other competitors when it comes to winning the hearts and minds of home consumers looking to integrate computer technology into their 
THE GRAND NABOB of the world #39;s software giant, Microsoft, Bill Gates, has told technologists that he is not afraid of Linux. Speaking at a shindig at the Computer History Museum, Gates said that he had seen 
MOJAVE, Calif. Oct. 4, 2004 - A stubby rocket plane was slung from the belly of a carrier plane toward space Monday in the final leg of a trip toward the edge of the Earth #39;s atmosphere and a \$10 million prize.
EASTMAN Kodak is expecting a payout of more than \$US1 billion this week after winning a patent lawsuit against Sun Microsystems. A jury found Sun #39;s popular Java software infringed several patents Eastman Kodak bought from Wang Laboratories in late 1997.
Computer misuse at government offices is an ongoing problem, and experts say managers should take specific actions to keep federal employees from using their desktop computers for personal business.
Red Hat is acquiring security and authentication tools from Netscape Security Solutions to bolster its software arsenal. Red Hat #39;s CEO and chairman Matthew Szulik spoke about the future strategy of the Linux supplier.
REFORMED con artist Frank Abagnale, whose life was portrayed in the movie Catch Me if You Can, has been recruited to help fight cyber-crime.
The Office of Personnel Management must tackle many major challenges in the coming months, both in its role as agencies human resources adviser and in improving internal operations.
AP - Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive.
AP - B. Thomas Golisano, the billionaire founder of Paychex Inc., said Monday he has hired a former IBM Corp. executive, Jonathan Judge, to replace him as president and chief executive of the payroll-processing company.
AP - Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.
Lionhead supremo Peter Molyneux has taken the unprecedented step of apologising to fans on an official message board for any features that were described during Fable #39;s development that didn #39;t make it into the final game.
Credit and debit card fraud rose by nearly a fifth to 478.8m in the year up to July, an industry body says.
 LUXEMBOURG (Reuters) - A top European Union judge  challenged the EU executive's reasoning in its antitrust court  battle with Microsoft Corp. Friday, questioning why it opposed  the U.S. software giant's setting industry standards.
Friday was a great day for Oracle chief Larry Ellison.  First, PeopleSoft's board ousted the CEO who had fought so hard against Oracle's hostile bid, then the feds announce they're dropping their antitrust complaint. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Pressure is still high inside America's Mount St Helens volcano but the chance of an eruption may be receding.
KOUTS, Ind. (AP) -- The quiet country life can turn into a pressure cooker of stress at harvest time as farmers push themselves to their limits, agricultural experts say...
The military is ordering more lightweight armor developed in Ohio that protects troops in Humvees from automatic weapons fire and grenades without slowing the vehicles. Unarmored Humvees have become targets in the war in Iraq.
Level 3 Communications Inc., a provider of integrated communications services, said on Friday that it acquired telecommunications giant Sprint Corp.
roundup Plus: Legal expert joins open-source screening firm...Cray signs two supercomputing customers...MSN Messenger beta leaks onto Web...Level 3 to buy Sprint's dial-up business.
The craft wins the \$10 million Ansari X Prize for private space travel when it reaches 100km for the second time.
Indian professionals, venture capitalists (VCs), and entrepreneurs of Indian origin helped promote India as an outsourcing destination, according to a study conducted for the World Bank Institute in Washington, D.C., by Evalueserve Inc., a business intelligence and research firm.
Just a few users connected to popular instant messaging (IM) networks can cause the spread of worms, while choking off communications from "highly connected" users with many IM correspondents can slow the spread of worms, say computer researchers.
By LIZ SIDOTI     WASHINGTON (AP) -- While there has been more Internet advertising activity in this year's presidential race than in the past, the money spent on Web ads still pales in comparison to that allocated for TV commercials, the first-ever study of online political ads found.    The study, released Monday by the Pew Internet   American Life Project, said President Bush, Democrat John Kerry, their political parties and allied independent groups spent \$2.6 million to post banner ads on Web sites from January through August...
TOKYO (AP) -- U.S.-based Fox Entertainment Group Inc. (FOX) on Monday joined a group of companies promoting Blu-ray Disc, one of two competing formats for next-generation DVDs...
TOKYO (AP) -- Sony Corp. (SNE)'s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years...
DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) -- The Henry Ford - a venue that includes the Henry Ford Museum, Greenfield Village, an IMAX Theatre and the Ford Rouge Factory Tours - is teaming up with one of the country's largest Internet providers...
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (AP) -- Microsoft co-founder Paul G...
DALLAS (AP) -- It's what executives of SBC Communications Inc. (SBC) call their vision for the future: combining voicemail, e-mail and incoming fax messages in one system that can be accessed on the Web or on the phone...
Brian Binnie (top left in image), grabbed previous Pilot #39;s Mike Melvill #39;s torch and flew the second leg of the X Prize competition in Burt Rutan #39;s SpaceShipOne.
Brazil will limit United Nations #39; access to a uranium enrichment plant as US Secretary of State Colin Powell visits the country to press for unimpeded inspections, the country #39;s ambassador in Washington said.
THEY labour long hours to write their software, testing and perfecting it. They toil in obscurity, fully aware that they will never get credit for their work.
RED Hat, the world #39;s biggest distributor of the free Linux computer operating system, will buy Netscape security software from Time Warner #39;s America Online for \$US20.
Reuters - Asia needs a special crime-fighting\network to combat a booming illegal wildlife trade worth\billions of dollars which threatens many species with\extinction, Thailand's prime minister said Saturday.
SPACE.com - MOJAVE, CALIFORNIA - Human \  flight took a significant step forward today as the privately built SpaceShipOne \  flew into suborbital space for the second time in five days, apparently securing \  the  #36;10 million Ansari X Prize.
SPACE.com - The center of our galaxy is approximately \  27,000 light-years away in the direction of the constellation Sagittarius. At \  its core, as scientist have known for some time, lies a supermassive black hole \  surrounded by millions of stars, all huddled far more closely than in the galactic \  outskirts where our Sun resides.
A board member testifies Monday that the former CEO was fired in large part because of his reckless exaggeration to Wall Street analysts.
Not too long ago, Google Inc. seemed little more than a pesky insect to Microsoft Corp. #39;s 800-pound gorilla. No more. As Google rapidly rolls out new products, the 
Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMDs Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at \$50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to \$2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray
SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies, spinning off a disaster recovery services unit using a tax-free distribution of shares to stockholders, the software and services vendor said Monday.
Microsoft reiterated on Friday that companies still using Windows NT Server 4 going into 2005 will have to sign up for a custom contract to get support.
PalmOne Inc. is beefing up its new Tungsten T5 handheld with more memory in an attempt to make the device more appealing to business users who need access to data-intensive applications.
It #39;s official. All iPod users are music thieves - according to Microsoft CEO Steve  #39;Monkey Boy #39; Ballmer.  quot;The most common format of music on an iPod is  #39;stolen #39;, quot; he told reporters in London today, according to a Silicon.
Microsoft is developing versions of its Windows operating system with only a subset of the Windows code base, designed for specific server tasks, in a move that could reduce maintenance costs for customers and create products that are less vulnerable to 
NTT DoCoMo and Fujitsu announced that they have developed a prototype fuel cell that can be used to recharge modern mobile phones.
The software maker denies backing a SAP executive as a preferred candidate for the post of CEO, contrary to a Newsday report. WASHINGTON: Software maker Computer Associates Inc.
LOS ANGELES - A private spacecraft is to shoot beyond Earth #39;s atmosphere for the second time in a week today in a bid to win a US\$10 million (\$15 million) prize and prove that space is open for business.
The need to test packaged applications on virtualised systems could hold up the deployment of server virtualisation software, according to attendees at Gartner #39;s datacentre conference in Las Vegas this week.
Sony Corp, biggest consumer electronics maker, has is planning to release a new hard disk Walkman to take on Apple #39;s iPod. Apple has made a success story of their iPod in quite a short time, although the device 
A few weeks ago I suggested you try a new Internet browser, Firefox. And many of you did. You liked it, for the most part. One thing I forgot to mention was Apple Macintosh users need to be running OS X to 
SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately funded manned spacecraft, on Monday reached space for the second time in less than a week to win a \$10 million prize designed to spur commercial space travel.
washingtonpost.com - Talk about a great day for Oracle Corp. founder Larry Ellison.
Reuters - Nokia (NOK1V.HE) is set to unveil\another attempt at a mobile phone designed for television and\video, which is thinner and lighter than its predecessor which\never made it to the market, a source said on Monday.
InfoWorld - Cray taps Linux for more affordable supercomputing\ Trying to expand outside its traditional technical markets, Cray on Monday unveiled its first Linux-based supercomputer. The new Cray XD1 series runs Suse Linux on AMD #8217;s Opteron chip. The 64-bit system is organized as six two-way SMPs that can deliver 58 gigaflops per chassis. The system can handle as many as six 3.5-inch serial ATA drives and has a memory bandwidth of 12.8GB per SMP. It also features four PCI-X bus slots and a dual port Gigabit Ethernet PCI-X card for as many as eight Gigabit Ethernet ports per chassis. Pricing starts at  #36;50,000 for a 12-processor chassis and goes to  #36;2 million for a 288-processor configuration with two racks of 12 chassis each.\XD1, Cray
The man charged with making US computer networks safer has resigned suddenly.
 HELSINKI (Reuters) - Nokia &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=NOK1V.HE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;NOK1V.HE&lt;/A&gt; is set to unveil  another attempt at a mobile phone designed for television and  video, which is thinner and lighter than its predecessor which  never made it to the market, a source said on Monday.
By VLADIMIR ISACHENKOV     MOSCOW (AP) -- Russia's space program is recovering from its post-Soviet financial meltdown, but government spending is still just a fraction of what is needed to revive the program to its former glory, top Russian space experts said Monday.    Some critics have assailed the Kremlin for allowing Russia to lose its edge in space exploration - an edge exemplified by the launch exactly 47 years ago of Sputnik, the world's first satellite...
A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and appeared to blast through the Earth's atmosphere for a second time in two weeks Monday to capture a \$10 million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
The e-tailer releases two new packages designed to help people and companies feature Amazon merchande on their own Web sites.
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer took quite a dig at the iPod and its users, implying that the iPod was without significant DRM protection, and that the majority of music on everyone #39;s iPods is stolen.
OCTOBER 04, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Some things are patently ridiculous. One is the US patent system, an institution in desperate need of reform.
New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere using a phone or the Internet.
Siemens AG continues to deepen its ties with Chinese rival Huawei Technologies Co. Ltd. The Munich-based engineering and manufacturing conglomerate agreed Friday to resell routers and switches from Huawei's Quidway product line just eight months after the two companies formed a joint venture for manufacturing new mobile broadband systems in China.
Traditional antivirus technology may be too slow to protect users, researchers say.
Trend Micro will become the latest major anti-virus software company to provide protection against mobile phone viruses with the release today of Trend Micro Mobile Security 1.0.
McAfee has distanced itself from slurs against rival AV firm BitDefender contained in sponsored ad links on Google.com.\
WorldPay, the Royal Bank of Scotland's internet payment transaction outfit, is continuing to fight a sustained internet attack which has left its services largely unavailable for a third successive day.\
This article discusses how a virus outbreak will produce a few unique opportunities to examine the health of an organization's network -- and learn ways to further harden the network from future automated attacks.
Reuters - New tremors detected overnight at Mount\St. Helens increased the likelihood that the Washington state\volcano would erupt again, scientists tracking renewed\earthquake activity at the mountain said on Sunday.
SINGAPORE - December 6, 2004 -MD announced the AMD Opteron processor family will include AMD PowerNow! technology with Optimised Power Management (OPM) in the first half of 2005.
Congress #39; decision to sink billions into President Bush #39;s man-on-Mars fantasy is premature - and potentially damaging to a national priority that has gotten short shrift for many years, aeronautics research.
Four senior executives of German chipmaker Infineon Technologies will serve jail time and pay steep fines for their role in a scheme to fix prices in the memory chip market, said the US Department of Justice.
London - Viewers of the Animal Planet cable and satellite channel have voted the tiger the world #39;s favourite animal, narrowly beating the dog, according to a poll published on its website, www.
SpaceShipOne on Monday captured the \$10 million Ansari X prize when it made a second flight in less than a week to the edge of space.
Blaming the busy hurricane season, NASA has announced that it will delay the space shuttle #39;s return to space from March or April to a launch in May or July next year.
Madrid - At the risk of breaching Internet civility, Lycos Europe is offering computer-users a weapon against spam-spewing servers: a screen-saver program that automatically hits the offenders with data to slow them down.
AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize and remember an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
Fujitsu and Cisco Systems announced that they have reached a fundamental agreement to enter into a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable service providers and enterprises to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP) networks.
A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company #39;s popular Java programming language.
Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer said in London yesterday that the future of digital technology in the home will be with Microsoft, not Apple.
It #39;s official. Microsoft recently stated definitivelyand contrary to rumorsthat there will be no new versions of Internet Explorer for users of older versions of Windows.
Digital audio downloads save shelf space, and patrons don #39;t have to wait until a book is returned. Remember how exciting it was as a child to go into the library to fill out an application for your very own 
&lt;a href="http://www.theregister.co.uk/2004/10/04/flash_ipod_rumoured/"&gt;Alleged Apple Flash iPod  #39;partner #39; signs with Rio&lt;/a&gt; &lt;font size=-1 color=#6f6f6f&gt;&lt;nobr&gt;The Register&lt;/nobr&gt;
LONDON - The joint network router and switch company created by Hitachi, Ltd. and NEC Corporation, dubbed Alaxala Networks Corporation, started operating Monday (October 4th) with Hitachi offering a gigabit router initially.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is cracking down  on the growing trade in counterfeit and pirated goods that  costs U.S. businesses hundreds of billions of dollar annually,  U.S. government and industry officials said on Monday.
The company promotes from within--Chief Operating Officer David Mitchell is appointed CEO.
Company debuts new products that let businesspeople shuttle data from databases to mobile gadgets.
New service lets consumers access an all-in-one mailbox from anywhere with a phone or the Internet.
ThinkPad T42 is equipped with biometric device designed to limit access to sensitive data.
Reuters - The information superhighway has\been a one-way street in the 2004 presidential campaign,  with\President Bush and Democrat John Kerry raising money on the\Internet but spending very little to advertise online,\according to a study released on Monday.
AFP - The initial public offering (IPO) of shares in the newly established Saudi mobile phone company led by the United Arab Emirates' Etisalat will start October 16, the head of the Capital Market Authority announced.
AP - Software company SunGard Data Systems Inc. is dividing into two parts and spinning off its disaster-recovery technology business to shareholders, chief executive Cristobal Conde said. Its shares climbed more than 12 percent Monday.
AP - A federal jury has backed Eastman Kodak Co. in a high-stakes, patent-infringement dispute with Sun Microsystems Inc. over the Silicon Valley company's popular Java programming language.
Reuters - After a seemingly unending string of\hurricanes and typhoons, talk that the "little boy" is stirring\in the Pacific is unwelcome news for weather-battered farmers.
US rocketship SpaceShipOne has blasted into space for the second time in five days, staking claim to a \$10-million prize for the first private manned space travel and setting a new altitude record.
Microsoft #39;s recently released Media Player 10 is being hailed by some reviewers as the first real challenge to Apple #39;s dominance in the online music space.
IBM announced on Monday the launch of a new line of ThinkPad notebooks designed to provide an extra layer of data protection through advanced fingerprint technology.
Brother has introduced four new multifunction printers, all under US\$200. There are two sheet-feeder models, the MFC-3240c and MFC-3340cn, and two flatbed models, the MFC-5440cn and MFC-5840cn.
Let #39;s say you #39;re a technology company that #39;s now struggling to cope with technological changes that threaten the very premise of your business... Waitaminute, maybe that particular hypothetical isn #39;t such 
Bill Gates made three public appearances during a trip to California late last week. Some of the more interesting moments, as captured in the media coverage: San Francisco Chronicle:  quot;Gates took questions 
IT Management and Web Technology have been fighting neck-to-neck for the fifth spot for the last year. This month, IT Management drops a rank to #6.
SpaceShipOne has completed its second suborbital flight in five days, securing the \$10 million Ansari X Prize. SpaceShipOne is the first privately built, manned vehicle to reach space.
Eastman Kodak Co. won the first round of a Java lawsuit against Sun Microsystems Inc. that could impact Sun #39;s bottom line and possibly threaten Microsoft #39;s .
TEHRAN (IRNA) -- Iran #39;s top nuclear official went to parliament Monday to brief its National Security and Foreign Policy Committee on the process of work on the country #39;s peaceful nuclear program.
Linux distributor Red Hat announced that it has reached an agreement with America Online to purchase several products derived from the Netscape Enterprise Suite, including Netscape Directory 
\\Today we launched our Rojo blog:\\"We are very pleased to announce a new company: Rojo Networks, Inc. Our mission\is to make online content more accessible and useful for information\consumers, and our free Internet service, Rojo, aims to do just that."\\"In early 2003 the founders of Rojo met for the first time in a cafe in San\Francisco. We had come from different backgrounds-Chris Alden had been a\co-founder of Red Herring Communications and so had come from a publishing\perspective while Kevin Burton had developed and was soon to release an RSS\reader called NewsMonster (see who else is involved in Rojo here)-but we\shared a passionate belief that with the revolution in online writing, ...\\
The national do-not-call list overcame its last legal hurdle Monday when the Supreme Court let stand a lower-court ruling affirming its constitutionality.
Retail-oriented version of Windows XP Embedded will be designed to make it easier to process sales from registers, kiosks and other devices.
Is your hard drive the land of the lost files? An experimental software program labels files with images that can be easily remembered.
Chipmaker becomes first Silicon Valley company to form a mediation partnership with the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission.
The studio will be a significant ally for the group, which is trying to win support for its technology over the rival HD DVD format.
A trio of powerful explosions emanating from three different regions in space could mean astronomers might see stars blowing up within days, scientists said on Friday.
Microprocessor designer Arm Ltd. has developed a new multimedia technology called Neon that will help improve the performance of mobile electronics devices that process multiple tasks, the company said Monday.
ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
Have you noticed web pages loading a bit faster than usual? You might thank Eric Meyer, an expert and author on the subject of Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)  #151; a standards-based method of coding websites to make them work more efficiently with today #146;s Internet browsers. Oct 04
You don #39;t need to carry a light saber or speak Klingon to get excited about the doings in Mojave today. SpaceShipOne, the product of aviation visionary Burt Rutan 
Looking to lock up your notebook and its data? IBM is offering you a new choice: its already attractive Thinkpad T42 series now integrates a fingerprint reader.
AP - More than  #36;1 billion in federal aid to help schools and libraries connect to the Internet is being delayed by a bookkeeping change that has tied up the money.
PC World - ThinkPad T42 series notebooks now feature an embedded fingerprint reader.
NewsFactor - Red Hat (Nasdaq: RHAT), the U.S. Linux distributor, said it will buy a number of software assets from America Online.
Reuters - Business software maker Siebel\Systems Inc.  on Monday said third-quarter revenue\would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in\licensing revenue, sending its shares up almost 16 percent.
AP - State officials are calling on the public to help them count and categorize all the plants and animals in Tennessee's 54 parks.
The new tool automatically records all on-screen activity on a user's PC, for playback later as an interactive demonstration, among other uses.
The National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), a private, non-profit organization that lends its support to the Department of Homeland Security #39;s (DHS) efforts in promoting computer security, is using the month of October to reach out to the Internet 
AP - It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.
roundup Plus: Yahoo launches local-search engine...Sybase links back office to mobile devices...Legal expert joins open-source screening firm...Cray signs two supercomputing customers.
A stubby rocket plane powered its rockets and blasted through Earths atmosphere for a second time in two weeks today to capture a \$10-million prize meant to encourage space tourism.
The Mozilla Foundation #39;s Firefox stand-alone browser, which has been riding a wave of defectors from the security-plagued Internet Explorer, has a bug of its own, the open-source group recently announced.
Brazil will limit United Nations #39; access to a uranium enrichment plant as US Secretary of State Colin Powell visits the country to press for unimpeded inspections, the country #39;s ambassador in Washington said.
The three-person spacecraft flew higher than 62 miles for the second time in a week and captured the X-Prize, an award offered to promote private-sector development of spaceships.
PALMONE SAID that its \$399 Tungsten T5 personal digital assistant comes with 256MB of flash memory and can double as a portable USB drive.
A jury in Rochester, NY, found Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) liable for using patented technology owned by photography company Eastman Kodak (Quote, Chart) in the Java programming language.
MARKHAM, Ont., Oct. 4 - IBM Canada has introduced a ThinkPad laptop computer with an integrated fingerprint reader, a model that delivers simplified access to password-protected personal and financial information, websites, documents and e-mail.
A software tools maker is staking its future on helping developers prepare for streamlined coding for Web services (define) as well as Avalon, the graphics display component in the works for Longhorn, Microsoft #39;s next version of Windows.
com October 4, 2004, 9:13 AM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
Killing a virus attack before it becomes damaging is something of a holy grail in today #39;s security environment. That #39;s because most viruses today are distributed through attachments to e-mail 
E-mail platform vendor Visto said Monday that it has released software that enables wireless operators to provide real-time e-mail service similar to that provided by Good Technology and Research In Motion #39;s BlackBerry platform.
As the major players in Web search duke it out, a growing number of startups are embracing a different way of retrieving and sorting search results.
Crabtree  amp; Evelyn, a leading retailer of beauty products, recently joined Amazon.com #39;s new Beauty Products category of online retail channels.
Brian Binnie, a veteran US Navy aviator and one of four pilots trained to fly SpaceShipOne, piloted the spacecraft.  quot;Flying this vehicle is literally a rush, quot; he said after the historic flight.
PalmOne #39;s new Tungsten T5 ships with 256 MB of flash memory, which is retained even if the device loses its battery charge. PalmOne says the new PDA, which sells for a suggested list price of 
AP - Two Americans won the Nobel Prize in medicine Monday for discovering how people can recognize an estimated 10,000 odors, from spoiled meat to a lover's perfume.
As they have for millennia, wolves reign supreme in the temperate rain forest that drapes the inland fjords and islands of northwest British Columbia.
Despite a record hurricane season, many Florida hot spots are relatively unscathed. And tourist bureaus, hotels, and others are pulling out all the stops to lure travelers back.
By MATT MOORE     STOCKHOLM, Sweden (AP) -- American researchers Dr. Richard Axel and Linda B...
roundup Plus: Macromedia announces training tool...Yahoo launches local-search engine...Sybase links back office to mobile devices...Legal expert joins open-source screening firm.
South Korea's Haansoft is joining the effort to put Linux on computers in Asia.
With a specialized version of Windows XP Embedded, the software maker wants to get its fingers in the till.\
Speaking in London on Sunday, Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer said that Microsoft, not Apple, will dominate the future of digital technology in the home.
Online retailer Amazon.com broadened its Web services efforts on Monday by releasing additional guidelines and data designed for use by people and companies building links to its site.
Not too many companies that were around during the dawn of the personal computer revolution are still in business. Intel, Apple Computer, Microsoft, IBM - after them, names come to mind a little more slowly.
The U.S. Supreme Court rejected an appeal by commercial telemarketers opposed to the popular program, in which consumers can put their names on a list if they do not want to be called.
More than one-third of the largest transportation and logistic firms shared customers' personal data without their permission, according to a survey by The Customer Respect Group Inc. And one-fifth of the companies didn't even have privacy policies in place.
In a bid to revive its flagging fortunes, Siebel Systems plans to create customized software packages designed to reach the 75 of the CRM market now unavailable to it.
SunGard Data Systems Inc. plans to split into two companies: one focused on software and processing services and the other on business continuity, availability and disaster recovery services.
Speaking to technologists during an appearance at the Computer History Museum, Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates touched on a number of topics, including Linux, Web services, grid computing and digital rights management.
Developing versions of the Windows operating system with only a subset of the code base would mark a major technical shift for Microsoft and could help it to better address the threat posed by Linux.
A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Kodak when it developed its Java technology, a Kodak spokeswoman said today.
The cap on H-1B visas granted to foreign workers, set at 65,000 for the fiscal year that began Friday, has already been reached, according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
BOSTON - A planned component for Microsoft Corp.'s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely exploitable attacks.
LONDON - Six large technology and music companies announced Monday they have banded together in an attempt to bring some interoperability to the DRM (digital rights management) systems protecting digital content such as music and movies within the next nine months.
Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled Monday a new memory-packed personal digital assistant that can double as a portable data storage drive. PalmOne's new Tungsten T5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built-in flash memory.
Google is Growing  An Update on Google\\There is a lot going on at the Googleplex these days. For three different reasons, each of which is important to search marketing, Google has been in the SEO spotlight this week. For the technology wonks, Google engineers are said to be developing ...
MSN Messenger 7 Beta: Sneak Review\\Just the other day I got hold of the beta version of this much hyped up upgrade to the very popular instant messaging client MSN Messenger 7.  I downloaded it onto a test machine and found that its download size of the beta is ...
A New York judge did the right thing last week when he threw out a USA-PATRIOT Act provision that forced ISPs to secretly cooperate with the FBI, and gave them no obvious avenue for appeal.\
After a ride of some 50 miles straight up, SpaceShipOne paused poetically in the weightless black above the Mojave Desert.
The fingerprint scanner on the new IBM ThinkPads is a discreet swipe sensor built into the palm rest. It lets users log in to Windows using their fingerprint or replace the ThinkPad #39;s existing 
Online superstore Amazon.com (Quote, Chart) has expanded its Web Services platform for developers, adding a new service for access to the Alexa database and increased access to the Amazon E-Commerce Service 4.0.
Diebold, the much-criticized electronic voting machine company, got another black eye last week. A California district court ruled that it had violated federal law when it falsely charged two college students 
Hewlett-Packard CEO #39;s job could be on chopping block along with 15,000 others if Compaq deal goes through. Watch  #39;Tech Live #39; Wednesday 3/20 at 9 pm Eastern for details.
Five years ago, running a telephone company was an immensely profitable proposition. Since then, those profits have inexorably declined, and now that decline has taken another gut-wrenching dip.
Life near the center of our galaxy never had a chance. Every 20 million years on average, gas pours into the galactic center and slams together, creating millions of new stars. The more massive stars soon go supernova, exploding violently and blasting the surrounding space.
Start-up TouchDown Industries thinks a slew of rabid football fans will help its novelty PC succeed where others have failed.
IBM plans to expand the number of on-demand data centers it has from one to 11 by the end of the year. Users at the AFCOM data center conference in Atlanta had mixed views on the prospect of adopting an outsourcing model or pay-as-you-go pricing.
A stubby rocket plane touched down safely in the Mojave desert yesterday to claim a dual prize: the first private, crewed spacecraft to fly two successful missions within 
Opinion: Despite Kodak #39;s initial victory in its Java patent dispute with Sun, the company will be hard-pressed to prove it deserves a \$1 billion settlement.
LONDON--Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer, speaking to a gathering of reporters here, didn #39;t pass up the opportunity to take several digs at archrival Apple Computer.
So a few weeks ago, the two astronauts who live there tossed out some useless junk, like so many old hubcaps for the trash heap. Only this stuff floated away in space.
Attacks against Web-services applications are expected to increase, analysts warn, and network security managers may not be prepared.
Developers of the NetBeans released the second beta iteration version 4.0 software last week, squashing more than 900 bugs found in the first beta release.
In a new survey by the National Cyber Security Alliance (NCSA), about 30 of all respondents, and 40 of those under 25 years-old, underestimate their chances of facing a cyber threat.
The privately-funded craft SpaceShipOne has completed a flight into space after an airborne launch above the California desert. The flight will bring the spaceship crew the \$10 million X Prize.
What a strange weekend it has been for the most prolific CxO-cum-blogger in the high tech industry - Sun COO and presidentJonathan Schwartz.
InfoWorld - Capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, Siebel Systems on Monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by IT as both extensions to current CRM applications or as stand-alone programs.
Start-up Xamlon releases user interface tools that give early access to Microsoft's forthcoming graphics in Windows.
Siebel chief Mike Lawrie pledges better customer service, spotlights focus on a la carte software.
Capitalizing on the current trend within the enterprise to reduce the number of applications to support, Siebel Systems on Monday unveiled a package of business analytics solutions that can be deployed by IT as both extensions to current CRM applications or as stand-alone programs.
We uncover the candidates' views on Internet taxes, privacy, and other tech hot buttons.
In a few years, every new electronics device will likely have a network address.
PalmOne (Quote, Chart), maker of the lower-priced Zire handheld and the Treo smartphone, unveiled the Tungsten T5 handheld Monday, which adds heaps of memory and an Intel 416MHz XScale processor.
Intel (Quote, Chart) released a new suite of developers #39; tools it hopes will increase the amount of people using its 64-bit technology.
Update addresses potential denial-of-service vulnerabilities as well as a flaw in QuickTime.
IN THE annals of aviation, it will undoubtedly rank alongside such momentous events as the Wright brothers first powered flight in 1903 and Charles Lindberghs transatlantic crossing in 1927.
Leroy Gordon Cooper, one of the nation #39;s first astronauts who once set a space endurance record by traveling more than 3.3 million miles aboard Gemini 5 in 1965, died on Monday, NASA said.
cientists think useful samples of all the many types of solar particles collected by the Genesis space capsule survived its crash in the Utah desert almost four weeks ago, promising researchers 
Not everyone is ready to do a complete switch over to the new Intel LGA 775 platform quite yet and perhaps for good reason. Should you decided you would like to say take a peek at it without having to  quot;Sell 
IBM #39;s Canada Division has announced a new feature in selected models of their Thinkpad T42 series of notebook computers - a fingerprint reader for enhanced security measures.
A JUDGH HAS ruled that a manufacturer of electronic voting equipment knowingly misrepresented its claims when it sent threatening letters to the ISPs of students who had posted the company #39;s internal documents online.
While the large anti-virus vendors continue to spend millions of dollars and thousands of man-hours churning out updated signature files, a Utah-based startup this week plans to unveil an entirely new e-mail security solution that needs no signatures and 
Investor's Business Daily - That's the lesson Microsoft and Sun Microsystems are about to learn as they take on Linux -- and each other -- in dueling efforts to woo Wall Street techies.
AP - Gordon Cooper, who as one of the original Mercury astronauts was a pioneer in human space exploration, has died. He was 77.
Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
New trial reveals that the former CEO's exaggerations about the Oracle takeover bid led to his firing.
roundup Plus: Start-up delivers movie downloads...Korean software maker joins Asian Linux group...Macromedia announces training tool...Yahoo launches local-search engine.
The world #39;s first private spaceship has blasted into the final frontier for the second time in five days, snatching the nearly 14-million dollar prize and founding a new era of space tourism.
Even as Mount St. Helens threatens to erupt, scientists are planning a network of Global Positioning System receivers to map the volcano #39;s movement and help predict the likelihood of an eruption.
MOTHERBOARD COMPANY Gigabyte has included an enhanced AGP riser interface for one of its Intel-based PCI Express products, but read the small print before you plug your graphics card in and start to play.
SAN FRANCISCO - Advanced Micro Devices Inc. (AMD) expects to report slightly lower-than-expected sales for its third quarter when it announces earnings results on Thursday, the company said in a release Monday.
In response to the growing threat that phishing poses to e-mail users, SurfControl plans to upgrade its e-mail filter to catch these attacks, and flag more spam and other abuses.
Sony's first consumer HD camcorder is expected to arrive in the U.S. soon.
especially to the electronics industry. This is the time of year when companies begin releasing their shiniest/newest/greatest products to compete for your holiday shopping dollar.
Nearly doubling the industry #39;s current handheld storage maximum, palmOne today introduced the Tungsten(TM) T5 handheld with 256MB of flash memory.
Kodak, one of the largest digital imaging companies, filed a lawsuit against Sun Microsystems stating that Sun has infringed on Kodak #39;s various patents, however, the case centered around three main ones.
The Awesome 6500 is the first PC we #39;ve seen from ABS to be built around Intel #39;s new 925X Express chip set, which lets the 6500 use the PCI Express bus and the latest 533-MHz DDR2 dual-channel memory.
Reuters - Semiconductor maker Advanced\Micro Devices Inc.  warned on Monday that its quarterly\revenue will be lower than forecast, citing softness in sales\of its memory chips used in cell phones and other devices. The\company's shares fell after the warning.
Reuters - Business software maker Siebel\Systems Inc.  on Monday said third-quarter revenue\would beat Wall Street estimates, driven by a rebound in\licensing revenue, sending its shares up 14 percent.
AP - A stout, star-spangled rocket plane broke through the Earth's atmosphere to the edge of space Monday for the second time in five days, capturing a  #36;10 million prize aimed at opening the final frontier to tourists.
AP - Mount St. Helens blew off more steam Monday, shooting a billowing white plume several hundred feet above the volcano and thrilling hundreds of visitors who had gathered below the rumbling mountain.
The American private rocket SpaceShipOne completed another successful space flight to clinch a 5.6 million prize for the first commercial, manned craft to reach sub-orbital space twice in two weeks.
IBM has unveiled its first ThinkPad notebook computer that comes equipped with a built-in fingerprint reader. Select models of the ThinkPad T42 are equipped with the integrated fingerprint reader.
Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration, piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday.
Two veteran astronauts are enjoying their last week on Earth before rocketing into space for a six-month stay aboard the International Space Station (ISS).
Sun execs say they're telling it like it is: HP's Unix offering is on its last legs. HP says they're flat-out wrong.
The XD1 uses Opteron processors and the Linux operating system--and sports a starting price tag of \$50,000.
SAN FRANCISCO - Though a Friday patent lawsuit verdict against Sun Microsystems Inc. could potentially have a wide-ranging impact on the computer industry, the ruling appears unlikely to affect three of the world's largest IT companies, who have licensed the technology in question. Hewlett-Packard Co., IBM Corp. and Microsoft Corp. are licensees of the software patents in question, the patents' owner, Eastman Kodak Co., confirmed Monday.
Microsoft says the scripting platform, called Shell, is not final.
It was a staple of 1960s science fiction that the future would involve flying cars and holidays on the moon. While the mass-production flying car hasn #39;t yet hit the showrooms, the prospects for space tourism have taken a few steps closer.
AP - Records produced by Washington state and county governments went online Monday in what is being called the first of its kind facility for electronically preserving state documents.
AFP - China's online game industry could grow seven-fold to become a billion-dollar business within the next two years, state media cites industry insiders as saying.
Ziff Davis - The update fixes about eight vulnerabilities, including an image file problem and printing and networking holes.
AP - The Air Force expects planes will be able to fire non-lethal microwave rays at enemy ground troops with the help of a new superconducting generator system developed at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base after about 25 years of research.
AP - A wolverine wearing a global positioning system collar wandered nearly 550 miles in seven weeks, including a trip from Pocatello, Idaho, to the northern reaches of Yellowstone National Park.
NetContinuum, a leading provider of application firewalls, today announced that it is integrating the leading Web-services firewall, Forum Systems #39; XWall, into its flagship Application Security Gateway product.
Grant writes  quot;Leroy Gordon  #39;Gordo #39; Cooper, one of America #39;s first seven astronauts, died today in his home at the age of 77.
IBM has added biometric security to its ThinkPad notebook line, claiming that the technology is now ready for prime time. IBM has added a fingerprint scanner to its T42 ThinkPad notebook chassis and will offer 
GORDON Cooper, one of the original Mercury astronauts who pioneered the US role in outer space, died Monday at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced.
Reuters - Japan's Sharp Corp. said on\Tuesday it had developed a 65-inch liquid crystal display (LCD)\television, the world's biggest, in a bid to break into the\large flat-panel TV market dominated by plasma display (PDP)\makers.
AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board fired Craig Conway as chief executive after hearing him explain why he deceived industry analysts about the business software maker's sale prospects while fighting rival Oracle Corp.'s  #36;7.7 billion takeover bid.
 MAKUHARI, Japan (Reuters) - Japan's Sharp Corp. said on  Tuesday it had developed a 65-inch liquid crystal display (LCD)  television, the world's biggest, in a bid to break into the  large flat-panel TV market dominated by plasma display (PDP)  makers.
Popular games such as the Grand Theft Auto series and online games like Socom II and EverQuest are designed to engage the player, but what actually makes them addictive? \&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
The band R.E. M. releases its 13th major album, "Around the Sun" Tuesday -- but for hundreds of thousands of fans, there's no suspense. They've already listened to the entire album for free on the Internet, and with the band's label's encouragement. &lt;BR&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
The national do-not-call list overcame its last legal hurdle Monday when the Supreme Court let stand a lower-court ruling affirming its constitutionality.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Phillip Merrick, the 41-year-old co-founder and chief executive of WebMethods Inc., resigned suddenly, citing heath reasons that company officials described as "stress-related."
Immigration officials have a message for employers hoping to hire foreign workers through the H1-B visa program for the fiscal year that began Friday: It's too late.
A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
A California company, PolyFuel, plans to announce that it has achieved a breakthrough in fuel-cell membranes.
A director of PeopleSoft said that Craig A. Conway, the company's chief, was fired in part because he made false statements at an analysts' conference in September 2003.
For those who need to make telephone calls in flight and don't want to sell the second car to finance them, help is on the way.
The Charles Schwab Corporation said yeserday that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
A privately built rocket plane has won a 10 million US dollar prize for the first commercially viable manned spacecraft. Space Ship One has touched down in a US desert after 
Gordon Cooper, the youngest and perhaps cockiest member of the original Mercury astronauts whose space endurance record cleared the way for manned flight to the moon, has died.
Scientists unraveling the genetic history of head lice have found startling evidence that early humans mingled with a clan of hairy, distant cousins as recently as 25,000 years ago in Asia -- a 
AP - Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
AP - AT amp;T Wireless is wading into the digital music market with a new service that enables its mobile phone users to browse and purchase song downloads over the phone and then retrieve them online on a computer.
The rocket plane SpaceShipOne, built by aviation pioneer Burt Rutan and financed by Microsoft Corp. co- founder Paul Allen, won the \$10 million competition aimed at creating a space tourism 
Burt Rutan isn #39;t one to mince words. Just minutes after the world #39;s first privately funded space craft touched down at the Mojave (Calif.
Edward Kozel, Cisco's former chief technology officer, joins the board of Linux seller Red Hat.
Sun signs up the software company to support its attempt to make useful a version of its Solaris operating system for x86 chips.
The software maker offers a new service to add digital signatures to PDF documents.
Sun Microsystems on Tuesday will detail "Panther," which promises more high-speed cache memory and higher clock speeds.
Yahoo has enhanced its My Yahoo service with personalization features including search history, the ability to save pages to a 'personal web' and block URLs from appearing in search results.
Gordon Cooper, 77, one of the seven original US astronauts, who made the nation #39;s first manned spaceflights and became known as possessors of  quot;The Right Stuff, quot; died yesterday at his home in Ventura, Calif.
Aviation legend Burt Rutan won the \$10 million Ansari X Prize on Monday with another flight to space for his SpaceShipOne, capping an eight-year quest in the St.
Description: Trash pickups on the International Space Station ended nearly two years ago, when the Columbia disaster halted shuttle flights.
Sun Microsystems last week released the long-awaited overhaul of the Java 2 Standard Edition. Sun is calling J2SE 5.0, code name  #39;Project Tiger, #39; the most significant upgrade of the Java 
MacCentral - First introduced on Jan. 6, 2004, Microsoft Corp.'s Macintosh  Business Unit on Tuesday will announce the release of Virtual PC 7 for  the Mac. Among the many new features, company executives boast about a  10 percent to 30 percent increase in performance and support for  Apple's Power Mac G5.
Big Blue releases two new inexpensive Power5-based Unix servers to take on Unix machines from HP and Sun.
altitude without the heart-stopping barrel rolls that vexed the craft #39;s qualifying flight on Wednesday. world altitude record for a fixed-wing aircraft, set in 1963 by the experimental X-15 rocket plane.
The Internet portal will introduce on Tuesday advanced navigation tools to let people store, search and share their favorite Web pages--creating for users what it calls  quot;My Web.
When floating through space, and orbiting the Earth, an astronaut witnesses a sunset and sunrise every 45 minutes. Exploring beyond the atmosphere furthers 
The terms were simple enough. Be the first to fly three people or the equivalent weight 62 miles high. Do it a second time within two weeks.
Yahoo, in a fierce market battle with Web search leader Google, has rolled out a test version of its search service that helps users personalise results.
Microsoft Chairman and Chief Software Architect Bill Gates, during an appearance on Friday at the US Computer History Museum, expressed no fear of Linux usurping Windows in the software industry.
AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in physics, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
SpaceShipOne, the world #39;s first privately built manned spacecraft, blasted into space for the second time in less than a week on Monday to claim the \$10 million Ansari X Prize.
A private rocket ship shot into space on Monday morning and won a coveted \$10 million aviation prize for its creators.
The Charles Schwab Corporation said that it would reduce commissions on most online trades by a third as it strives to retain customers.
MOJAVE, Calif. -- Burt and the billionaire kept their eye on the prize yesterday, collecting \$10 million and symbolically launching a new era in private space exploration.
Handheld computer maker PalmOne Inc. unveiled a personal digital assistant Monday that doubles as a portable data storage drive. The Tungsten T5 handheld has 256 megabytes of built-in flash memory, of which 215 MB will be available to the user.
WASHINGTON - A cash-flow problem in a federal program is hindering the ability of many schools and libraries to pay for Internet service.
MOJAVE, CALIF. -- A stubby private rocket plane blasted through Earth #39;s atmosphere for a second time in a week yesterday, capturing a \$10-million US prize meant to encourage space tourism.
With the Internet revolution now a decade old, fear no longer grips companies contemplating moving their systems to the Web. More companies are turning to so-called Web Services these days to help migrate 
The malware/adware threat is great enough, Gates said, that Microsoft is investing  quot;hundreds of millions quot; of its \$5 billion annual R amp;D budget toward solving it.
AFP - Sharp Corp. has developed a 65-inch (1.66 metres) liquid crystal display (LCD) colour television under its AQUOS brand, the world's largest.
MOJAVE, Calif. - A \$20 million, private investment in manned space flight earned a \$10 million return yesterday when a stubby, white rocket captured the X Prize by soaring to the edge of space for the second time in less than a week.
THAT MEEKshy and retiring Microsoft CEO, Steve Ballmer, has dared to suggest that Apple #39;s reassuringly expensive and beautiful iPods might be packed full of pirated music.
SUN ANNOUNCED THE UltraSPARC IV this morning, most probably the last of its line. Sun will be taking a new direction from this point on, with the new Fujitsu co-developed chips being a definite step sideways 
THE MOZILLA FOUNDATION has announced that a hole in its Firefox software has been patched. Firefox suffers from a vulnerability that could allow hackers to delete all the files in the Download directory.
OVER FIVE million websites have been built in the last five months, according to the latest Netcraft survey. This means that there are more than 55 million active sites on the Interweb.
Mojave, Calif.In a spectacular flight that opened a new window to space - and the imagination -paceShipOne rocketed to victory in the international Ansari X Prize competition yesterday.
(10/05/04)-- A fellow Mercury astronaut is mourning the death of Gordon Cooper Monday at his home in Ventura, California. Wally Schirra told Associated Press Radio 
Holding a US flag he carried into space, SpaceShipOne pilot Brian Binnie salutes the crowd as a band plays the National Anthem as the spacecraft is towed down a taxiway after soaring into space in its quest to win the Ansari X Prize at Mojave, Calif 
Scientists took a fresh look at human evolution through tiny hitchhikers that have clung to humans and their relatives for centuries - lice.
PC World - Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
AP - The rumblings, the steady earthquakes, the throat-clearing steam blasts all seem so eerily familiar. But nearly 25 years ago now, it was a deadlier show that Mount St. Helens put on for the world.
\China is leading the world in the number of subscribers to broadband through phone lines, says a report.
roundup Plus: Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris...Apple issues Mac OS X security update.
Sun Microsystems will detail its high-end UltraSparc IV processor Tuesday, a chip code-named  quot;Panther quot; that will roughly double the speed of servers using the current processor.
Digicams you can ditch, a tiny TV, and other gadgets for when you're on the go.
Kidney exchanges are helping doctors shorten transplant waiting lists, but they also pose serious challenges.
A spectator with an especially intimate view of human evolution is beginning to tell its story and has so far divulged two quite unexpected findings.
A discovery of 1.66 million-year-old stone tools has produced the earliest evidence that human ancestors apparently dispersed across Asia at a relatively rapid clip.
The removal of the painkiller from the market served as a reminder that new drugs sometimes turn out to have unforeseen side effects after a few years of widespread use.
Two American scientists who solved the enigma of how people can smell 10,000 different odors and recall them later were awarded the 2004 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
San Francisco, October 5: Yahoo Inc, which is in a fierce market battle with Web search leader Google Inc, late on Monday rolled out a test version of its search service that helps users personalize results.
Opinion: There are only two Web servers that matter. While two-thirds of domains run Apache, Web server share numbers show that Microsoft #39;s IIS is also a respectable choice.
A star-spangled rocket plane returned to space yesterday, enabling a team of entrepreneurs to collect a \$10 million prize for developing the first reusable private spacecraft.
Business India Los Angeles, Oct 5 : IBM has introduced a biometric notebook computer with an integrated fingerprint reader that can recognise the user of the computer, reports Xinhua.
WORST AIR. Houston has taken the lead in the annual race for the city with the worst smog, beating Los Angeles by eight days with 1 1/2 months left in the smog season.
Reuters - AT T Wireless is\launching its mMode Music Store on Tuesday, marking the first\time U.S. consumers can discover, sample and purchase music\using their appropriately sophisticated mobile phone.
People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to part them from their cash.
On May 15, 1963, Gordon Cooper piloted the Faith 7 capsule and circled the globe 22 times in 34 hours and 20 minutes. It was the last flight of NASA #39;s Mercury program, but it 
People are being warned about a scam e-mail which uses the US presidential poll to con them out of their money. A junk e-mail invites people to dial a premium rate number to express their 
John Kerry's campaign boosts spending on online ads in the final month of the election season, trying to maintain the momentum he gained from the first debate. It's surprising the campaigns haven't spent more online, experts say. By Louise Witt.
As the November presidential election nears, several groups are mobilizing to monitor the voting process -- including a group of observers from across the globe and over a thousand techies who will help evaluate voting machines. By Laila Weir.
In case you don't want to work and just want to bang on the drum all day, this game is for you. It's a simple and charming game, but be warned that there isn't much else to do than banging on bongos. Lore Sjberg reviews Donkey Konga.
An obscure amendment attached to an appropriations bill could throw a wrench into presidential candidate John Kerry's plans to fund embryonic stem cell research. By Kristen Philipkoski.
Congress drafts two bills to implement the 9/11 Commission's recommendations. Critics say neither has adequate privacy or civil liberties safeguards, but the House version includes a litany of assaults on individuals' rights. By Ryan Singel.
The computer maker's retail stores are pretty easygoing about customers playing with the display machines. But when it comes to running an in-store hardware test lab, the company draws the line. By Leander Kahney.
Forget squeezing millions from a few megahits at the top of the charts. The future of entertainment is in the millions of niche markets at the shallow end of the bit stream. By Chris Anderson from Wired magazine.
The age of commercial space flight officially begins Monday as SpaceShipOne completes its second successful flight into space to capture the Ansari X Prize. It's \$10 million to the developers, who look forward to a bright future ahead. Dan Brekke reports from Mojave, California.
Last week's spectacular barrel rolls by SpaceShipOne looked a lot more frightening than they were, the project leader says. Also: There was a forlorn face in the crowd.... Sponsors line up behind effort....  New Mexico wants a spaceport.... and more. By Dan Brekke.
A pair of Americans who found the mechanism that enables humans to recognize odors bags the Nobel Prize in medicine. Their pioneering work on 'the most enigmatic of our senses' wins them the \$1.3 million award.
Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take 
Review Last week I attended an IBM briefing, held at The Clink Museum near London Bridge. The Clink was an old Prison and the museum is full of gruesome memorabilia relating to the bad old days of sadistic incarceration.
As a retired pilot himself, Roy W. Roush knows a good aviator holds the elevation steady while gliding through the clouds. In the 15 years he was friends with space pioneer Leroy Gordon Cooper, Roush flew 
A federal jury in New York has ruled that Sun violated several patents held by Eastman Kodak when it developed its Java technology.
Many experts say Linux and open-source software is your biggest threat. But is your real competitor a desire for an alternative to Microsoft, rather than any particular product?
Sun Microsystems is exploring a margin-negative model for hardware in order to win more business and solution providers should be preparing for that scenario, said Jonathan Schwartz, Sun president and COO.
AP - Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by SpaceShipOne's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations.
Reuters - Denmark aims to claim the North Pole\and hunt for oil in high Arctic regions that may become more\accessible because of global warming, the Science Ministry said\Monday.
 AMSTERDAM/LONDON (Reuters) - Intel and Nokia will jointly  develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,  the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first  major cooperative effort in cell phones.
A ladybird described as one of the most invasive species could threaten a variety of insects in the UK, an expert says.
America's Mount St Helens belches more vapour, raising fears it might blow at any moment.
PalmOne has announced a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant designed to protect data even when its battery dies.
MOJAVE, California -- SpaceShipOne made history Monday and triumphed in the international Ansari X Prize race to launch the first privately built spacecraft.
It #39;s not often, recently, that the editor of Groklaw.net, Pamela Jones - aka  quot;PJ quot; - has expressed much sympathy for Sun.
A planned component for Microsoft #39;s next version of Windows is causing consternation among antivirus experts, who say that the new module, a scripting platform called Microsoft Shell, could give birth to a whole new generation of viruses and remotely 
MOJAVE, Calif. -- By the time test pilot Brian Binnie shut down the rocket engine on SpaceShipOne Monday morning, the view out his cockpit windows had turned from bright, desert blue to black.
p2pnet.net News:- Eastman Kodak is looking for \$1.06 billion in damages from Sun Microsystems following a federal jury ruling in its favour.
Reuters - Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
SiliconValley.com - Starting today, users of wireless broadband should find it safer to surf the Web from a T-Mobile HotSpot.
Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones.
SiliconValley.com - Apple Computer Chief Executive Steve Jobs has quietly returned to work full time after taking a leave of absence to recover from cancer surgery.
AP - Excerpts from the citation awarding the 2004 Nobel Prize in physics to David J. Gross, H. David Politzer and Frank Wilczeck, for their work in the exploration of strong force and quarks.
&lt;strong&gt;FoTW&lt;/strong&gt; 'What unadulterated bollocks'
Eight years after Virginia began requiring its employees to ask permission before looking at sexually explicit material online, state workers whose duties may take them into the seamier side of the Internet are coping with the law, although many don't know it exists. &lt;br&gt;&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
Complex skull operations were being performed as early as 960AD, remains of a body found at an archaeological dig show.
McNealy stressed that Linux wasn #39;t the enemy. He noted that Sun Microsystems is one of the leading contributors of free software to open-source projects, that Sun sells computers equipped 
NASA has awarded a \$330.6 million contract to the aerospace company Lockheed Martin to design and build a robot spaceship to carry replacement parts to the Hubble Space Telescope to keep it operating for another five to seven years.
Four U.S. agencies yesterday announced a coordinated attack to stem the global trade in counterfeit merchandise and pirated music and movies, an underground industry that law-enforcement officials estimate to be worth \$500 billion each year.
When Google first burst on the stock market scene, the guys running the place sounded like political newcomers attaining public office for the first time and vowing to clean up the place: Mr. Smith Goes to Wall Street, as it were. In Frank Capra's classic film "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington," you'll recall, political naif Jimmy Stewart gets appointed a U.S. senator, goes to Washington and triumphs over entrenched cynicism. In the Wall Street version, head Googlers Sergey Brin and Larry Page sounded like Silicon Valley Stewarts. Instead of modeling themselves on the greed-is-good crowd, they produced stock-offering documents that paid homage to Warren Buffett, one of Wall Street's straightest shooters (and a board member of The Washington Post Co.).
As the number of Web services specifications proliferates, some developers advocate a return to a simpler approach.
Adaptec is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and might soon find itself in direct competition with several old partners.
Reuters - Mount St. Helens spewed more steam and\ash on Monday, raising concerns about a larger eruption at the\Washington state volcano that woke last week after 18 years of\slumber.
&lt;strong&gt;Site Offer&lt;/strong&gt; Save 30 on comprehensive Fedora guides
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - PalmOne Inc. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=PLMO.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;PLMO.O&lt;/A&gt;, the leading  maker of handheld computers on Tuesday said it licensed  Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; software that enables secure delivery  of corporate e-mail to portable devices.
It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition. And because many Americans remain in the dark about it, federal regulators began an education campaign Monday to enlighten them.
In the first foray by a U.S. wireless carrier into the online music market, AT T Wireless is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer.
Washington has opened what is believed to be the nation's first digital archives for state government, holding everything from birth records to the first election results in Washington Territory in 1854.
Why trawl through a sweaty illegal\wildlife market in Asia when you can shop for rare animals and\exotic plants on the Internet?
AP - New software at Hewlett-Packard Co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. Instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in August and executives got fired.
AP - Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy. Longtime foes palmOne Inc. and Microsoft Corp. Tuesday announced a licensing deal that will allow the next generation of palmOne's Treo smart phones to work directly with Microsoft's Exchange e-mail system.
USATODAY.com - Not only does the filmmaker's Bush-bashing documentary, Fahrenheit 9/11, arrive on DVD today (Columbia TriStar,  #36;29), but two of his previous films, Bowlingfor Columbine and The Big One, are in stores Tuesday repackaged as the Michael Moore Limited Edition DVD Collector's Set .
Reuters - PalmOne Inc. , the leading\maker of handheld computers on Tuesday said it licensed\Microsoft Corp.  software that enables secure delivery\of corporate e-mail to portable devices.
USATODAY.com - PeopleSoft's board ousted Craig Conway as CEO after he made a misleading statement about the company's ability to recruit customers while fending off Oracle's  #36;7.7 billion hostile takeover bid, a PeopleSoft board member testified in court Monday.
CHIBA, JAPAN -- Casio Computer Corp. has developed a fingerprint sensor layered on top of a 1.2-inch LCD screen, providing a convenient way for phone makers to incorporate biometric security into their handsets, a Casio official said Tuesday at the Ceatec 2004 show in Chiba, Japan.
MacCentral - Internet service provider (ISP) EarthLink Inc. on Tuesday announced the launch of EarthLink Free Online Calling, a Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) service that enables their Mac and PC to make calls over the Internet free of charge. Based on Session Initiation Protocol (SIP), the service works with a Mac or PC equipped with a headset or an Analog Telephone Adapter (ATA). Users can make unlimited calls to other SIP users, and can also listen to voicemail via e-mail. The service also offers an online calling log and online account management. ...
Reuters - Intel and Nokia will jointly\develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,\the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first\major cooperative effort in cell phones.
AP - A suburban Philadelphia company is hoping that a vaccine for anthrax could be lurking in spinach, petunias or Swiss chard.
 AMSTERDAM/LONDON (Reuters) - Intel and Nokia will jointly  develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system,  the two tech giants said on Tuesday, unveiling their first  major cooperative effort in cell phones.
By JOHN ANTCZAK     MOJAVE, Calif. (AP) -- Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane's dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the winner-take-all race into an annual competition that might further fuel imaginations...
NASA -- Gordon Cooper Jr., the astronaut who piloted the sixth and last flight of the Mercury program and later commanded Gemini 5, died earlier today at his home in Ventura, Calif. He was 77 years old...
By BILL BERGSTROM    PHILADELPHIA (AP) -- A Mediterranean diet rich in vegetable oil, nuts and fish may help fend off more than heart disease and diabetes: It appears to prevent gallstones, too.    Men who ate more of the unsaturated fats found in such foods lowered their risk of gallstones by nearly one-fifth, according to a 14-year study published in Tuesday's Annals of Internal Medicine...
Do you yawn throughout the day or get sleepy while driving? Does your family complain about loud snoring? You might be one of the millions of Americans with undiagnosed sleep apnea, which causes more than fatigue - it also seems to spur heart disease and other serious illnesses.
NASA -- NASA scientists took infrared (IR) digital images of Mount Saint Helens' last week. The images revealed signs of heat below the surface one day before the volcano erupted last Friday in southern Washington...
The chipmaker's warning raises concerns about the flash memory business, one financial analyst says in a report.
AT amp;T Corp. is testing Linux software as a replacement for Microsoft Corp. #39;s Windows operating system, which runs the 70,000 personal computers used by its employees.
Continuing its steady push to win over the hearts and wallets of midsize companies, IBM on Tuesday is rolling out two lower-priced Unix-based servers that will go head-to-head with offerings from archrivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
Following a recent industry trend, Internet giant Yahoo Inc. (YHOO) is adding new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
By MATTHEW FORDAHL     SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- New software at Hewlett-Packard Co...
By ALEX VEIGA    LOS ANGELES (AP) -- In the first foray by a U.S. wireless carrier into the online music market, AT T Wireless is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer...
By MAY WONG    SAN JOSE, Calif. (AP) -- Sometimes it pays to befriend an enemy...
By JENNIFER C. KERR    WASHINGTON (AP) -- It's one of the biggest technical changes in television since color TV: the digital transition...
Kanoodle BrightAds Challenges Google AdSense \\Kanoodle, provider of sponsored listings for search results and content pages, today announced the launch of BrightAds(tm), a self-service tool for small- to medium-sized content publishers that will enable them to run Kanoodle's content-targeted sponsored links on their sites.  With the launch of BrightAds, ...
_ Gordon Cooper was the last astronaut to take flight during NASA #39;s pioneering Mercury program, but he achieved many key firsts as he piloted Faith 7 capsule in May of 1963.
Sun has lost the case brought against it by Eastman Kodak. The photographic giant convinced a Federal jury that Sun infringed its patents in the development of the Java programming language.
The story of modern humans final interactions with the extinct Homo erectus may have been revealed by research into the evolution of lice.
Reuters - Even as readers devour the code-cracking\thriller "The Da Vinci Code" and best-selling Iraq War titles,\the book trade faces damaging threats from a boom in video\games, deeper discounting and online sales of used books.
PC World - Technology will allow the addition of biometric security to cell phones, PDAs.
Ziff Davis - With Linux making an attractive alternative, Microsoft moved to scale down the size and the security holes of its operating system. The result? A retail-focused OS that is one-tenth the size.
InfoWorld - Continuing its steady push to win over the hearts and wallets of midsize companies, IBM on Tuesday is rolling out two lower-priced Unix-based servers that will go head-to-head with offerings from archrivals Sun Microsystems and Hewlett-Packard.
Reuters - An anthrax outbreak has killed\120 hippos in Uganda, raising the toll from a disease that has\claimed hundreds of wild animals in Zimbabwe, Botswana and
From Wintel to Symtel, horizontal integration coming to handsets
Forget Bluetooth and UWB. A group of Japanese companies believes it's found a better answer for short-range networking.
L. Gordon Cooper Jr., one of the seven astronauts selected by the US space program for NASA #39;s first space project in 1959, has died at his Ventura, California home.
Yahoo Offers Personalized Search - My Yahoo Search\\Google has been testing its lab version of personalied search. Eurekester and AskJeeves have brought personalized search out into the open by getting the jump on the other large search engines. And now Yahoo is in the game with the release of My ...
washingtonpost.com - With the presidential election just a few weeks away, the pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters and secure an Election Day win.
BT has blocked premium rate numbers associated with a net scam that is costing its customers dear.
Hoping to build on the momentum sparked by a private rocket plane #39;s dash into space, supporters of opening the heavens to civilians are turning the 
CHIBA, JAPAN -- Sanyo Electric unveiled a prototype player supporting the next-generation optical disc format HD-DVD at the Ceatec 2004 show here this week.
Yesterday we noted that more and more companies are heading to the courts to sue other companies in intellectual property disputes involving software, because they believe they can get away with it -- whether they #39;re in the right or not.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Intel and Nokia will jointly develop smart phones that run on the Symbian operating system, unveiling 
New Web services technologies announced Monday will help developers build money-making applications and use existing mainframe technology to create and deploy new Web services.
MICROSOFT SUPREMO Bill Gates has astounded IT hacks by telling them that he has never had a computer virus. We assume that he doesn #39;t open his own emails, or is not actually connected to the Internet, but 
Sybase this week is releasing the first two products in its Unwired Enterprise initiative, which aims to help solution providers make enterprise applications mobile by integrating Sybase middleware and mobile server products from its iAnywhere subsidiary.
A new study of the phylogeny of human head and body lice provides evidence that Homo sapiens once made direct physical contact with a more archaic lineage.
ARM this week added a SIMD engine to its ARMv7 ISA in a bid to improve the platform #39;s ability to process multimedia and network datastreams.
LONDON: If you thought that your little chit chats on your mobile phones are safe from eavesdropping, think again, as security experts have revealed that the new generation of mobile phones are highly vulnerable to hackers.
In an effort to include storage within its empire of security products, Symantec Corp. announced Tuesday that it is going after the backup market with live state recovery 
Reuters - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony\Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global\handset market next year.
AP - Business communications software provider Avaya Inc. said Tuesday that it agreed to purchase Tenovis GmbH  amp; Co., a German provider of voice and data communications systems for European small and mid-sized business customers, from affiliates of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts  amp; Co.
&lt;strong&gt;Letters&lt;/strong&gt; Reports of demise premature
 LONDON (Reuters) - Japanese-Swedish mobile phone maker Sony  Ericsson said on Tuesday it expects slower growth in the global  handset market next year.
With the presidential election just a few weeks away, pressure is mounting on both camps to effectively use the Internet to help woo voters -- but the ad money isn't flowing online. &lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2" color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-washingtonpost.com&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
New software at Hewlett-Packard Co. was supposed to get orders in and out the door faster at the computer giant. Instead, a botched deployment cut into earnings in a big way in August and executives got fired.
MODERN human beings may have wiped out two species of our closest relatives 25,000 years ago, possibly deliberately. The new research, by scientists at the University of Utah, raises the possibility that we 
Sun Microsystems (Quote, Chart) is expected to herald the arrival of its latest dual-core UltraSPARC processor today. Code-named  quot;Panther, quot; the company claims the second generation of its dual-core design, known 
Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer hosted a Q amp;A session for a handful of UK journalists in London on Sunday and silicon.com was there.
Adobe and GeoTrust announced that, for customers that need stronger electronic signatures, a new jointly developed certified document solution (CDS) goes online today.
The company is changing tack under CEO Robert Stephens and may soon find itself in direct competition with several longtime partners.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday was set to announce its UltraSparc IV microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company's processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls "throughput computing" processors, and hands over the task of building chips for the bulk of its systems to Fujitsu Ltd.
German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG have launched a new software management system for connecting RFID (radio frequency identification) hardware and software from multiple vendors, the companies announced Tuesday.
LISBON - Leaving no doubt of Microsoft Corp.'s determination to win the markets and minds of European governments, the company unveiled results of a survey Tuesday claiming that software is the main driver of IT job creation and revenue in the region.
New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
WHAT #39;s the prize beneath the cap of that soft drink bottle? A trip into space. It may sound far-fetched - if not a little crass -ut the commercialisation of the final frontier began in earnest yesterday 
IBM is releasing a new line of ThinkPads that will include embedded fingerprint readers to amp up security. The new reader will be on a wrist rest below the arrow keys on select models of the T42.
Editor #39;s Summary: A New York state jury has ruled that Sun Microsystems #39; Java infringes on three patents now held by Eastman Kodak.
com October 5, 2004, 8:32 AM PT. Rivals PalmOne and Microsoft appear to have cast aside their differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from the software giant.
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Tuesday was set to announce its UltraSparc IV microprocessor, the last significant upgrade to the company #39;s processor line before it begins shipping the redesigned chips it calls 
India's largest software services firm will provide engineering services for the development of Ferrari's 2005-season F1 car.
Korean chipmaker Samsung says it will invest 25 trillion won building new chip production lines over the next six years.
The 256 MB memory allocates 215 MB as storage for the user, with 55 MB as program memory and 160 MB as the internal flash drive. The flash memory in the Tungsten T5 is still large enough to 
AT amp;T Wireless is trying to put its own stamp on the digital music market. It #39;s launching a new service that enables its mobile phone users to browse and purchase song downloads over the 
IBM is attacking every rival system it can think of with a new line of low-cost Unix servers aimed at mid-sized customers. The p5-520 and p5-550 fit in IBM #39;s Express line of  quot;budget quot; hardware be they servers or storage systems.
MSI-Digiland president Jimmy Go Tuesday assured customers that the Apple iMac G5 will be a big hit in the Philippines because the computer combines power and beauty, features which the Filipino consumer is looking for.
TORONTO, Oct. 5 - Symantec Corp. has released its LiveState Recovery family of products. Three editions of the disk-based Symantec LiveState Recovery (formerly called Symantec V2i Protector) are available 
PC World - New device offers 1TB of storage, can record seven channels simultaneously.
Intel is teaming with mobile-phone giant Nokia and software developer Symbian on next-generation mobile phones, or smartphones. Demand for these devices -- which promise Web browsing, multimedia 
OCTOBER 05, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - IBM has launched a pair of high-performance, low-priced Unix servers and related security services aimed at small to medium-size businesses.
ARM has developed a suite of media and signal processing instructions that will appear in future ARM processors targeting mobile consumer devices.
Reuters - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Think of it as Wi-Fi on steroids.
OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - PalmOne Inc. Monday unveiled a new version of its Tungsten-class personal digital assistant that is designed to protect data even when the device #39;s battery dies.
In the first foray by a US wireless carrier into the online music market, AT amp;T is launching a service that lets subscribers buy songs using their cell phones and later download them to a computer.
The average Internet-enabled PC hosts 26 spyware programs, according to an audit by Internet service provider EarthLink, a sign of increasing bombardment by malicious software.
Adobe (Quote, Chart) today unveiled a new offering with partner GeoTrust to help verify the integrity and authenticity of documents.
Microsoft's CEO lends some insight into the 2006 release date of the slow-moving next version of Windows.
roundup Plus: IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board...Sun lures Siebel to x86 Solaris.
The staunch rivals appear to cast aside differences, as the handheld maker licenses an e-mail synchronization tool from Microsoft.
One example: A remote control that looks like a flip phone. Also, can Triluminos improve your picture?
Who needs that much? Anyone who wants to record a week's worth of TV shows.
Security company Symantec Corp. on Tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its LiveState data recovery software.
CHIBA, JAPAN -- For Kunio Nakamura, president of Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. Ltd., the much-discussed era of the ubiquitous network society, is "just around the corner." And with Japan in the vanguard, much of the world that is already networked will be online, anywhere, anytime, for anyone, by 2010, he said Tuesday in a keynote address on the opening day of Ceatec 2004 in Japan.
Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
PC World - Sierra Wireless promises easy corporate syncing, but we hit some snags.
Three Americans shared the Nobel Prize for Physics for their work in increasing science's understanding of the forces that bind together the smallest pieces of matter, known as quarks.
IBM hopes to ease the minds of roving execs by adding yet another layer of security to its ThinkPad notebooks. Mirroring Microsoft #39;s  quot;biometrics for the desktop quot; move, IBM has added fingerprint readers to 
Chipmaker Texas Instruments (TI) has played down the importance to the smartphone market of Symbian #39;s new alliance with Intel.
Intel Korea on Tuesday released the Mobile Intel Pentium 4 Processor 548, which targets the personal laptop computer market. The central processing unit can operate multi-media programs that need a high performance capacity, explained the company.
which allows schools and libraries to purchase telecommunications and Internet access at discounted rates -- are causing officials to take another look.
With two short trips to the edge of space, the little rocket that could may have ushered in a new era in high-tech travel.
Yahoo Inc. launched a new service designed to let users of its search engine save and manage their query results for accessing later and sharing with others, the company said Tuesday.
Via Technologies Inc. will add 64-bit capabilities into Isaiah, a multimedia processor core design expected to arrive in 2006, the company plans to announce Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum in San Jose, California.
OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - Toshiba Corp. #39;s new desktop-replacement multimedia notebooks, introduced on Tuesday, are further evidence that US consumers still have yet to embrace the mobility offered by Intel Corp.
Summary - (Oct 5, 2004) Astronaut Gordon Cooper, who piloted missions in both the Mercury and Gemini programs, died on Monday at his home in Ventura, California; he was 77.
Humankind #39;s inexorable spread across the globe may have had an unwelcome side-effect - it brought us face to face with our ancient hominid relatives just long enough to catch their head lice.
Sun Microsystems today took aim at two core pieces of its server strategy, announcing a new generation of UltraSPARC processors and a key software win for Solaris x86.
RFID vendor Infineon uses SAP #39;s NetWeaver platform to help companies better connect and manage RFID systems from diverse suppliers.
Security company Symantec Tuesday announced the availability of new versions of its LiveState data recovery software. The company is releasing updated versions of its LiveState Recovery Advanced Server, Standard Server and Desktop products.
Reuters - PeopleSoft Inc.  on Tuesday\denied an analyst report that its executives recently met with\Oracle Corp. , the rival software vendor that last year\launched a hostile bid for PeopleSoft.
AP - If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein. "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society.
AP - The number of endangered Steller sea lions counted between the Gulf of Alaska and the tip of the Aleutian Chain has increased again, according to new data released by the National Marine Fisheries Service.
Reuters - Gordon Cooper, one of the Mercury\Seven astronauts who helped pioneer human space exploration,\piloting the last of the Mercury missions and the troubled\Gemini 5 flight, died on Monday. He was 77.
Paneer is a kind of soft cheese used in Indian cuisine.  It's a bit like ricotta.  It takes minutes to make, and you can experiment with it.  This recipe is neither particularly original, nor particularly authentic.  But, you get stuff that looks and tastes like the paneer you get in Indian restaurants, so it must be pretty close.  It doesn't use rennet, so it's vegetarian-safe.  It isn't vegan-safe.
Today, more than 70 companies from the consumer electronics, information technology, media and software industries held the first official meeting of the Blu-ray Disc Association.
Alternative browsers have been around for years, including Netscape, which was long ago absorbed by the Time Warner conglomerate. The popular open source browser Mozilla is based on Netscape, a program called 
Protests continue in France in a bid to stop delivery of  weapons-grade plutonium from the US for recycling.
The move is part of an effort by Macromedia to expand the use of its Flash format into a broad foundation for delivering Web services and media.
roundup Plus: Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers...Former Cisco exec joins Red Hat board.
Q: I have Windows 98 and want the Internet Explorer upgrades (such as the built-in pop up advertisement blocker) that came with Service Pack 2. When will Microsoft release versions for all Windows users?
IBM #39;s homegrown server processor, the Power5, continues its migration across an ever-widening range of systems; this time making its way to machines aimed at the upper edges of the SMB market, especially those firms in retail, finance, banking, and health 
SAN JOSE -- As expected, Advanced Micro Devices unveiled its dual-core architecture Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum, along with its first performance estimates.
The company is adding the 802.1x security standard throughout its hot-spot network.
NEW YORK - Avoiding any mention of the accounting scandal that has rocked Computer Associates International Inc. (CA), interim Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Kenneth Cron used his keynote speech at the opening of TechXNY Tuesday to place the company at the center of the trend toward on-demand computing.
OCTOBER 05, 2004 (IDG NEWS SERVICE) - German business software vendor SAP AG and chip maker Infineon Technologies AG today launched a new software management system for connecting radio frequency identification hardware and software from multiple vendors.
MOJAVE, Calif., Oct. 4--The PM.Zone was on the scene again today to watch aeronautical engineer and designer Burt Rutan and his crew at Scaled Composites in Mojave, Calif.
The days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system-level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said IBM Corp.
Most IT Managers won #39;t question the importance of security, but this priority has been sliding between the third and fourth most important focus for companies.
AP - An accounting change that could cost schools and libraries an estimated  #36;1 billion in aid drew fire Tuesday from senators who said they were blindsided by the move.
NewsFactor - IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced a new ThinkPad notebook line that will use biometrics for added security. Due for release on October 19th, certain models of the ThinkPad T42 will have embedded fingerprint readers that will allow users to sign on using fingerprints rather than passwords.
NewsFactor - Intel has served notice that it will be a major player in the emerging\smartphone market, announcing a collaboration with leading handset maker
NewsFactor - Taking aim at mid-market businesses, as well as its competition in the server space, IBM (NYSE: IBM) is delivering two new Unix-based products designed to meet the company's cost-conscious Express guidelines.
Reuters - Environmentalists appealed on Tuesday\for the United Nations to stop a handful of the world's fishing\nations ravaging ocean beds to put delicacies on the plates of\the rich.
Reuters - The world's first privately\funded manned spacecraft soared to the blackened frontiers of\space for the second time in a week on Monday, setting a new\altitude record and clinching a  #36;10 million prize designed to\spur commercial space travel
On a European tour, the CEO weighs in on threats ranging from Linux and EU regulators to music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
roundup Plus: T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots...Slashdot dips into politics...IBM releases low-cost Unix servers.
Gordon Cooper, one of seven original US astronauts, died yesterday at his home in Ventura, Calif., at age 77. In the 1960s, with the nation determined to prevail in a space race with the Soviet 
photo gallery CEATAC exhibition features electronic gear from a 65-inch TV to a fuel cell-powered mobile phone.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - The days of relying on shrinking transistors to achieve performance gains are over, and the chip industry needs to enter a new era of innovation where system-level features are just as important as thinner transistor gates, said IBM Corp.'s Bernie Meyerson in a keynote address at the Fall Processor Forum Tuesday.
Following in the footsteps of search rivals Ask Jeeves and Amazon.com #39;s A9, Yahoo on Tuesday unveiled a beta version of a toolset that personalizes searching the portal and the Web.
Throughput Computing is the underlying strategy of Sun #39;s new family of UltraSPARC processors designed to significantly increase real-world application performance.
With its most serious legal troubles apparently behind it, Computer Associates is once again focusing on growth and new ways of packaging and delivering its products, interim CEO Ken Cron said in an interview on Tuesday.
CHIP FIRM AMD has revealed more details of the dual core processors it expects to introduce next year. The firm presented at the Processor Forum in San Jose earlier today, and, according to EE Times, revealed some further details of its plans.
Hoping to solidify the often-diverse smartphone marketplace, three high tech companies said they are collaborating on future 3G (define) developments.
Reuters - In an era of widespread media\consolidation, Internet media company Yahoo Inc. \believes television networks, movie studios and music companies\should look to it as a partner rather than a merger candidate,\Yahoo Chief Executive Terry Semel said on Tuesday.
NewsFactor - Microsoft (Nasdaq: MSFT) is working on the development of a product to remove adware and malicious software from PCs, Bill Gates told a meeting of technologists in Silicon Valley.
SpaceShipOne, the world's first privately built manned spacecraft, completed its third round-trip journey to space today, laying claim to the ten-million-dollar (U.S.) Ansari X Prize.
While leaves tumble from trees this fall, another natural wonder is soaring overhead. Hawks in North and South America are taking to the air as part of a seasonal migration.
This September things suddenly got interesting for reenactors retracing the route of Lewis and Clark up the Missouri: Reliving the journey also meant reliving conflicts with the Sioux Indians.
Taiwanese firm makes mulitmedia performance a key measure of its upcoming processor.
The ISP's new software supports speed dialing, caller ID, three-way calling, hold capability and call logs.
AT amp;T Wireless launched this week an online music service that provides instant gratification to subscribers who hear a tune they can #39;t wait to download.
Sun Microsytems Inc. on Tuesday unveiled an upgrade of its dual-core UltraSPARC processor, which the company claims is twice as fast as the older version.
ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August kept Wired  amp; Wireless on top for the 18th month in a row. Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection.
SAN FRANCISCO - While it has so far rejected each of Oracle Corp.'s takeover offers, PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of PeopleSoft's board said Tuesday.
 #147;The new G5 iMac is the finest personal computer I #146;ve ever used, hands down, #148; writes Mike Wendland for the Detroit Free Press.  #147;Nothing comes close. If you have ever thought of switching from a Windows-based PC to a Mac, this is the deal-clincher. It is simply a stunning machine both to look at and to use. #148; Oct 05
AP - Sony Corp.'s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
After seeing little success with the reference designs it created for Microsoft #39;s smartphone platform, Intel will now work with Symbian to create reference platforms for 3G handsets.
SONY #39;S music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
Sony Corp. #39;s Japanese music unit says it will no longer sell CDs with built-in copy protection, a technology it had been pushing for two years.
Officials at EarthLink (Quote, Chart) rolled out an expansion of its VoIP (define) service for broadband users Tuesday, giving its 1.2 million high-speed users unlimited free calls to other SIP-enabled (define) phones.
Sony #39;s music unit is abandoning its CDs that use built-in technology that limits copying them, after pushing the program for two years.
AP - WASHINGTON  #151; House Republicans sought Tuesday to quash an undying Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, hoping with a vote to kill legislation that would do it, and the rumor as well.
AP - For the world's best video game players, getting the high score is no longer enough.
Reuters - Microsoft Corp.  is still\targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite\speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business\software giant SAP AG  signaled a shift in strategy,\Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.
Four executives at German chipmaker Infineon were jailed today on charges of engaging in illegal price fixing of PC memory chips according to the US Department of Justice.
After flying successfully three times in space, SpaceShipOne is in demand as an alternative way to fly people and small payloads to suborbital space.
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Microsoft #39;s (Quote, Chart) chairman and chief software architect said the move to Web services (define) could ease the Internet #39;s security woes and that digital rights management can balance out piracy.
TOKYO (AFP) - Japan #39;s Fujitsu and Cisco Systems of the US said they have agreed to form a strategic alliance focusing on routers and switches that will enable businesses to build advanced Internet Protocol (IP) networks.
A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
CEO weighs in on Linux, EU regulators, music pirates and "bad people out there in cyberspace."
Eastman Kodak #39;s patent-infringement lawsuit against Sun Microsystems now moves into the penalty phase, as the jury considers whether to award Kodak as much as \$1 billion in damages.
 quot;The security and virus argument for Linux and against Windows is real, but in many, though not all, aspects, that #39;s a reflection of how much more widely Windows is deployed, quot; said Gordon Haff, Illuminata senior analyst.
At CEATEC, Sony unveils a home server packed with a terabyte of storage. Also: Networking via ordinary light fixtures?
Siebel Systems today unveiled a series of initiatives to help companies roll out software implementations more successfully and consolidate customer views in real time.
While it has rejected each of Oracle Corp.'s takeover offers today, PeopleSoft's board of directors is willing to talk about a deal at the right price, a member of the company's board said today.
The R D tax credit, first passed as a temporary measure in 1981, has been extended 11 times and allows U.S. companies conducting research and development activities to get a tax credit of up to 10 of R D spending.
Using a new "Express Yourself" system, guests at Radisson Hotels   Resorts can now check in via the Web at their convenience and provide preferences in advance of their arrival, eliminating the traditional hotel check-in process.
U.S. consumers don't want to pay for low-power, high-performance chip.
Several companies ease burden of using Internet via cell phones.
Total of 256MB of memory saves data when batteries die.
The new platform is designed to help companies speed the deployment of smart-tag systems and cut the costs of managing both hardware and software components from several suppliers.
IT managers at this week's ILM Solutions Conference said information life-cycle strategies are still a work in progress.
IBM today launched a pair of high-performance, low-priced Unix servers and related security services that are aimed at small to medium-size businesses.
Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems. Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
Systinet, Amazon, and Altova this week are announcing tools geared toward development of Web services, e-commerce, and XML applications, respectively.
com October 5, 2004, 2:09 PM PT. This fourth priority #39;s main focus has been improving or obtaining CRM and ERP software for the past year and a half.
WASHINGTON, OCTOBER 5: Gordon Cooper, 77, one of the seven US astronauts who made the nations first manned spaceflights and became known as possessors of The Right Stuff, died on Monday at his home in Ventura, Calif.
They #39;re tiny and pesky, but also hold secrets to our evolution: Head lice have shown researchers that an extinct species of early human had direct contact with modern-day man 25,000 years ago.
Computer Associates International plans to launch an upgraded version of its Unicenter management software  quot;just before the summer of 2005, quot; Ken Cron, CA #39;s interim CEO, said Tuesday.
A team of researchers is evaluating how Linux and Mac OS X stack up against Windows for internal use.
Symbian Expo, London, UK - 5 October 2004 -ymbian, developer of Symbian OS, the market-leading mobile phone operating system today opened the Symbian Expo  - smartphone show.
WASHINGTON Gordon Cooper, the astronaut who flew the last of the pioneering Mercury space missions and stayed aloft in a Gemini capsule long enough to demonstrate that a trip to the moon was feasible, died at his home in Ventura, California, NASA announced 
Two groundbreaking alliances took shape in the mobile communications industry Tuesday as the largest players continued to vie for customers in the growing market for high-end phones.
OCTOBER 05, 2004 (COMPUTERWORLD) - Editor #39;s note: Last month, Online News Editor Ken Mingis snagged one of the first iMac G5s and offered an early look at Apple #39;s latest desktop (see story).
AP - Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
InfoWorld - Rackable Systems has added to its line of NAS solutions with its new S3116-NAS server appliance. The new NAS server is designed for datacenters looking for a high-performance SATA system at an affordable price, according to Geoffrey Noer, senior director of storage products at Rackable Systems.  #8220;Companies using expensive Fibre Channel-based storage can migrate older projects to a lower-cost Rackable Systems NAS, #8221; Noer said. Other uses include disk-based backup, small and medium business workgroups, and applications such as seismic processing and video rendering, he said.
TOKYO - A full-scale war over DVD formats is only a matter of time - the electronics industry can smell it in the air. As the two opposing camps continue to recruit allies, negotiations are no longer about averting a confrontation.
Electronic document giant Adobe Systems said that it was partnering with digital certificate company GeoTrust to provide technology that will allow documents that use Adobe #39;s popular PDF (Portable Document Format) to be digitally certified.
IBM Tuesday pushed harder against rival Sun by releasing a pair of low-priced Unix-based servers geared for small and medium-sized businesses.
InfoWorld - An Eclipse IDE plug-in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a University of California, Berkeley computer science professor.
Reuters - Archaeologists have unearthed\a treasure of gold and silver in a Thracian tomb in Bulgaria,\calling it a unique find from classical antiquity.
Network services giant AT amp;T is evaluating different operating systems, including Linux and Mac OS X, as alternatives to Windows for internal use.
Search company Google Inc. has lost the services of Evan Williams, father of the Blogger Web logging service.
WASHINGTON - Senator John Kerry, Democratic challenger to U.S. President George Bush, would seek more government involvement on issues such as broadband adoption, cybersecurity and spam, while Bush, if re-elected, would continue to take a more market-driven approach to those issues, a panel of Washington, D.C., technology experts predicted Tuesday.
Google Inc. is working hard to broaden the searching and indexing capabilities of its enterprise Search Appliance from Web documents based on the HTTP and HTTPS protocols to multiple and disparate non-Web data repositories, a Google executive said Tuesday.
An Eclipse IDE plug-in that would provide search capabilities specifically for developers is being readied by a University of California, Berkeley computer science professor.&lt;p&gt;ADVERTISEMENT&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p&gt;&lt;img src="http://ad.doubleclick.net/ad/idg.us.ifw.general/sbcspotrssfeed;sz=1x1;ord=200301151450?" width="1" height="1" border="0"/&gt;&lt;a href="http://ad.doubleclick.net/clk;9228975;9651165;a?http://www.infoworld.com/spotlights/sbc/main.html?lpid0103035400730000idlp"&gt;SBC Case Study: Crate   Barrel&lt;/a&gt;&lt;br/&gt;What sold them on improving their network? A system that could cut management costs from the get-go. Find out more.&lt;/p&gt;
WASHINGTON - U.S. President George Bush on Monday signed a bill that included an 18 month extension of a research and development (R D) tax credit sought by many IT groups.
Electronic document giant Adobe Systems Inc. said that it was partnering with digital certificate company GeoTrust Inc. to provide technology that will allow documents that use Adobe's popular PDF (Portable Document Format) to be digitally certified.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA - Advanced Micro Devices Inc.'s (AMD's) dual-core Opteron processor will fit into the same area occupied by its single-core product, helping to hold down manufacturing costs, AMD said Tuesday at the Fall Processor Forum.
A study of an ancient human pest -- head lice -- suggests that the ancestors of today #39;s American Indians may have met and fought with 
The Associated Press By Soo-jeong Lee
Scientists have produced the sharpest picture yet taken of atoms, with a resolution of roughly one 400-millionth of an inch.
Though about the same size, the forthcoming dual-core Opteron will be up to 55 percent faster than today's single-core chips, AMD says.
PalmOne Inc. has licensed technology from Microsoft Corp. to make its devices work directly with Microsoft's Exchange e-mail server, the companies said Tuesday.
SAN JOSE, Calif.--Advanced Micro Devices on Tuesday detailed performance results for its forthcoming dual-core Opteron processor, showing a speed boost of 30 percent to 55 percent compared with today #39;s single-core models.
Earthlink on Tuesday said it now distributes software that lets people make free unlimited calls over a broadband connection. EarthLink Free Online Calling is anything but revolutionary.
IBM has introduced two new Unix-based servers aimed at small- to mid-size businesses. Based on the Power5 microprocessor, the new servers join IBM #39;s On Demand Express product line, and are priced starting at \$3,993.
With the countdown for compliance with radio-frequency identification mandates from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and others #39; closing in, concern is growing that supplies of the necessary 
Infineon Technologies AG today will launch a radio-frequency identification package designed to help companies more easily connect and manage RFID hardware and software from multiple suppliers 
Yahoo! Inc. (www.yahoo.com) unveiled new versions of its Front Page, and My Yahoo! (my.yahoo.com). Both pages show enhancements in design and functionality, and are rolled into Beta versions starting yesterday.
AP - Companies and others that secretly install "spyware" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.
AP - House Republicans sought to quash a persistent Internet rumor that the government will reinstate a military draft after the election, engineering an overwhelming vote Tuesday to kill legislation they hope will put the rumor to rest.
Investor's Business Daily - In an effort to get inside the growing number of advanced mobile phones throughout the world, the company has joined with cell phone maker Nokia   and U.K. software company Symbian to develop processor chips for such high-end smart phones.
AP - Mount St. Helens exhaled a spectacular roiling cloud of steam and ash Tuesday, sprinkling grit on a small town some 25 miles away.
A NASA-led team is studying the construction of a railway in space for a pair of telescopes that will provide views of planet, star, and galaxy formation in unprecedented detail. The proposed Space Infrared Interferometric Telescope (SPIRIT) mission will also examine the atmospheric chemistry of giant planets around other stars.
By MARTIN FINUCANE    BOSTON (AP) -- An appetite-curbing hormone that failed to live up to its early buzz as a possible key to slowing obesity is now being probed as a potential aid for women who suffer from infertility and eating disorders.    "This represents essentially a new era for leptin," said Dr...
By LAURAN NEERGAARD     WASHINGTON (AP) -- Americans' supply of flu vaccine was abruptly cut in half Tuesday, prompting the government to ask most healthy adults to delay or skip flu shots so that the elderly and others most at risk from influenza can get scarce supplies.    British regulators unexpectedly shut down a major flu-shot supplier Tuesday, prompting a record shortage in this country just as flu season is about to begin...
By MALCOLM RITTER     NEW YORK (AP) -- If you asked people strolling down Fifth Avenue to name a genius, most would probably cite Albert Einstein.     "Ask them to name another one, it would be (Isaac) Newton," said Mordechai Feingold, curator of a new exhibit about the 17th-century English mathematician and physicist who transcended science to become a lasting icon in society...
Electronic document giant Adobe Systems says it will partner with digital certificate company GeoTrust to provide technology to allow documents that use Adobe #39;s popular Portable Document Format to be digitally certified.
Implemented using Texas Instruments #39; 90 nanometer process technology, UltraSPARC IV will double the application throughput of the existing UltraSPARC IV through expanded caches and buffers, a better branch prediction mechanism, augmented prefetching 
LISBON - Despite the growing profile of Linux, continued security concerns and an anticompetion ruling from the European Commission, Microsoft Corp. faced no coup d'etat when it rolled into Lisbon on Portugal's revolution day Tuesday.
As networks increase in size and complexity, security products are growing in sophistication and security threats are becoming more ingenious.
Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
By TED BRIDIS    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Companies and others that secretly install "spyware" programs on people's computers to quietly monitor their Internet activities would face hefty federal fines under a bill the House passed Tuesday.    The most egregious behaviors ascribed to the category of such software - secretly recording a person's computer keystrokes or mouse clicks - are already illegal under U.S...
The privately owned and operated SpaceShipOne spacecraft has won the \$10 million Ansari X Prize by successfully making its second manned flight into space.
Gordon Cooper, the former astronaut who died on Monday aged 77, played an important part in the American space programme which culminated in the first manned flight to the moon in 1969.
The public preview of MSN #39;s upcoming search engine is back, this time with a Web index about five times fatter and reworked relevancy algorithms.
commentary The debate between Microsoft #39;s Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox has intensified in recent months. Media columnists have put forth the merits of their case; an overwhelming number believe the time is right to bury Internet Explorer.
Reuters - A PeopleSoft Inc.  board\member told a Delaware court on Tuesday that the software maker\would consider a bid from its rival Oracle Corp. \provided the price was right and a deal closed quickly.
AP - Americans David J. Gross, H. David Politzer and Frank Wilczek won the 2004 Nobel Prize in physics on Tuesday for their explanation of the force that binds particles inside the atomic nucleus.
AP - A  #36;239 million satellite toppled to a factory floor last year because nobody bothered to check that it was secure before moving it, according to a NASA investigation board's report on the mishap.
AP - Testing with dye is planned next spring to find out why water in a creek near the East Entrance has turned greenish.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. court has temporarily shut  down an operation that used "spam" e-mail to drum up customers  for a fraudulent work-at-home scheme, the U.S. Federal Trade  Commission said on Tuesday.
 WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives on  Tuesday voted to crack down on deceptive "spyware" that hides  in users' computers and secretly monitors their activities.
 LISBON (Reuters) - Microsoft Corp. &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=MSFT.O qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;MSFT.O&lt;/A&gt; is still  targeting smaller companies for acquisitions, despite  speculation that now-scuttled merger talks with business  software giant SAP AG &lt;A HREF="http://www.reuters.co.uk/financeQuoteLookup.jhtml?ticker=SAPG.DE qtype=sym infotype=info qcat=news"&gt;SAPG.DE&lt;/A&gt; signaled a shift in strategy,  Chief Executive Steve Ballmer said on Tuesday.
What The Associated Press described as test pilot Michael Melvill #39;s  quot;corkscrewing, white-knuckle ride quot; on the first leg of SpaceShipOne #39;s successful attempt to win the \$10 million X-Prize, was actually a remarkable rendition of what generations of 
NEW YORK - Communications chipmaker Broadcom today will announce a chip that combines four cores--the central brain of a chip--onto a single piece of silicon.
EarthLink (Nasdaq: ELNK) is the latest company to bridge the Internet and the telephone. It #39;s offering Voice over Internet Protocol (or VoIP) service for free to its customers, as it announced in a press release today.
With starting hardware prices of \$3,993 and \$7,050 respectively, the IBM eServer(TM) p5-520 and p5-550 Express models are among the most cost-effective in the industry.
New version of the Efficeon processor uses only 3 watts of power at 1-GHz speed.
Partisan panel debates presidential candidates' stand on technology issues.
SAN JOSE, Calif.Advanced Micro Devices Inc. on Tuesday unveiled its dual-core architecture here at In Stat/MDR #39;s Fall Processor Forum and provided the first estimates of the chip #39;s performance.
Internet-service provider Earthlink Inc. on Tuesday launched a service that enables high-speed subscribers to make unlimited voice calls through their computers at no additional charge.
Nokia and Intel said Tuesday they would work together to create smartphones based on the Symbian-based Series 60 platform. The Nokia-created Series 60 platform has as its core the Symbian OS.
Sun Microsystems Inc has found itself in the unusual position of losing a Java law suit, brought by photography giant Eastman Kodak.
IBM Corp will today announce that it will move its slower 1.5GHz Power5 processors into its eServer p5 520 and 550 servers in an attempt to make the  quot;Squadron quot; servers more appealing to customers using rival Sun Microsystems Inc #39;s Sparc/Solaris boxes and 
Reuters - A U.N. meeting on endangered species\could help secure the survival one of humanity's closest living\relatives, the orangutan, by saving its forest home from\loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.
Says improved search capabilities will return results an average of 10 times faster than before.
Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
washingtonpost.com - Rumors of reinstating the military draft, which have flourished for months in panicky e-mails, online chat rooms, college dorms and student newspapers, suddenly dominated  the House floor yesterday in one of the strangest parliamentary maneuvers in memory. With even its sponsor voting against it, a bill to require young adults to perform military or civil service failed, 402 to 2.
PC World - Chips have become so tiny that atomic-level defects cause serious problems.
MTV and the gaming industry are hoping characters from the gaming world will be able to reach the double-click generation. The message is clear: Young people need to take voting  seriously.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
MedImmune Inc. said Tuesday that it is evaluating whether it can help stem a threatened flu vaccination shortage by producing more doses of its inhaled vaccine FluMist after a request from federal officials. &lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
The head of a trade association that represents competitors of the large regional telephone companies resigned after his lobbying blueprint was published by mistake on the Federal Communications Commission's Web site.&lt;BR&gt;\&lt;FONT face="verdana,MS Sans Serif,arial,helvetica" size="-2"\ color="#666666"&gt;&lt;B&gt;-The Washington Post&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/FONT&gt;
roundup Plus: Appeals court to rehear e-mail snoop case...Macromedia giving away Flex...T-Mobile adds security measure to hot spots.
AMD used the Fall Processor Forum to provide more details about its dual-core Opteron architecture which is scheduled to be released by mid of 2005.
As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eats into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
Both campaigns have exhorted their supporters to flood the media with messages declaring a winner in the debates, hoping to influence the post-debate spin wars.
Three Americans who helped describe the force that binds together the atomic nucleus were named winners of the Nobel Prize in Physics.
Shares in Google, the Internet search engine, continue to rise and broke the \$135 ceiling.
The Federal Communications Commission came under sharp criticism in Congress over the suspension of a program that pays for Internet service at public schools and libraries.
One short flight for man, or the start of a long voyage for rich men. That #39;s one way of looking at Monday #39;s historic jaunt of the revolutionary spacecraft SpaceShipOne, which crossed the brink of space for the second time in six days.
The bald eagle is out of the woods but other birds of prey are in trouble. An icon of conservationists, the bald eagle was on the brink of extinction in America #39;s lower 48 
I own quite a few Coltrane CDs -- mad jazz saxophone player from the  #39;60s. Timeless. If you #39;ve never heard  quot;A Love Supreme, quot; well, you #39;ve missed out.
Microsoft Corp. introduced on Tuesday a new version of its Internet TV service, seeking to broaden its appeal beyond a relatively small base of older, computer-phobic users.
AP - PeopleSoft Inc.'s board is prepared to drop its ferocious resistance to Oracle Corp.'s hostile takeover bid and negotiate a price above the current  #36;7.7 billion offer if there's "high certainty" a deal can be done quickly, a company director said in court Tuesday.
GUANGZHOU, China - In southern China, it doesnt matter if an animal is an endangered species. As long as it walks, wriggles or jumps, its good enough for the pot.
IBM is expected to disclose on Wednesday features of the forthcoming version of its WebSphere application server, which will center on improving performance and administration.
Pioneering astronaut Gordon Cooper has died in California, at age 77. He was one of the seven Mercury astronauts who led the way in the exploration of space.
Internet giant Yahoo is introducing new search engine tools that will enable users to create personal folders and share their favorite links with others.
To nurture a community vibe at its retail stores, Apple Computer encourages customers to hang out and play around with the equipment.
Reuters - Magma continued to push up into the Mount St. Helens volcano on\Tuesday, pushing up the lava crust and creating a boiling lake\in the crater, a government scientist said.
The panel that made the recommendation that the greater sage grouse was in no immediate danger of extinction was provided with two competing reviews of the available science.
Big Blue beefs up its WebSphere 6 application server, promising better performance, reliability and simplified administration.
IBM announces one of its most secure notebooks to date, with the introduction of the T Series ThinkPad T42 with an integrated fingerprint reader (a \$50 option).
As computers and hand-held electronic gadgets eat into sales, this holiday season promises to be an especially competitive one for toymakers.
A UN meeting on endangered species could help secure the survival one of humanity #39;s closest living relatives, the orangutan, by saving its forest home from loggers, a leading expert said on Tuesday.
BANGKOK, Thailand (DPA): Activists from the Greenpeace environmentalist group on Wednesday handcuffed themselves to the gates of the Malaysian embassy in Bangkok to protest Malaysia #39;s  quot;laundering quot; of ramin, a protected hardwood found primarily in 
Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer was in the UK for barely 24 hours this week, squeezing in meetings with the recently-appointed head of egovernment Ian Watmore and Vodafone Group chief executive Arun Sarin.
NEW YORK: Computer Associates International Inc. interim Chief Executive Kenneth Cron said on Tuesday he is positive about the current business environment, and maintained the software supplier #39;s earnings outlook for its just-ended fiscal quarter.
Robert Sutor, IBM #39;s director of WebSphere Foundation Software, told ZDNet UK on Friday at a press briefing in Montpellier that the open-source application server JBoss was more of threat to BEA than to IBM #39;s own application server software WebSphere.
A desktop computer seems an unlikely place to find a car radiator. But open up the latest rendition of Apple Computer #39;s Power Mac and that is essentially what you #39;ll find.
In terms of space travel, one chapter opened and another closed in America on Monday. On the same day in which the future showed a glimpse of itself when a privately built rocket ship broke through Earth #39;s 
The earthquakes that have shaken the area for two weeks stopped almost entirely after Mount St. Helens let out a burst of steam and ash for the fifth straight day.
AP - Recent winners of the Nobel Prize in chemistry, and their research, according to the Nobel Foundation:
In a scene from the film  quot;The Right Stuff, sunlight streams through the window of astronaut Leroy Gordon  quot;Gordo quot; Cooper #39;s Faith 7 spacecraft as it reaches orbit.
Scouring the web using Yahoo is set to become a lot more personal following the unveiling of the beta version of a host of new tools that allow users to search and save results just they way they want to.
According ZDNet #39;s survey of IT professionals in August, application development is the last priority, but nonetheless an important one.
You can archive old home movies onto DVD without ever touching a PC. We explore your options and offer some tips on doing it right.
Sony Corp. will begin selling a computer and home-server system in Japan with a 1,000 gigabytes of hard-drive storage - enough to record seven TV channels for a week straight, the company said.
IBM late on Tuesday announced the biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and fixing problems.
La Blu-ray Disc Association a publi hier un communiqu de presse donnant la liste exacte de ses membres. Cette dernire est assez impressionnante et ce sont 73 constructeurs, dveloppeurs, diteurs ou 
Reuters - IBM late on Tuesday announced the\biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in\two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and\fixing problems.
TechWeb - Microsoft ships Virtual PC for Mac, version 7.
Google Inc. on Wednesday quietly launched a new search technology to help publishers sell books online, a fast-growing market dominated by Internet retailer Amazon.
AMD #39;s dual-core AMD64 chips will provide instructions compatible with Intel #39;s SSE 3 technology, the chip maker announced at the Microprocessor Forum yesterday.
With the next generation of Media Center PCs, you #39;ll be able to have your TV and record it too. For the first time, Microsoft #39;s Windows XP Media Center Edition is supporting multiple tuners, meaning that consumers 
Replace MP3 players and PDAs with AIBO. With the advanced new AIBO MIND 2software, AIBO gains the ability to record moving pictures through wirelessconnectivity, recognise patterns, voices and faces, obey 
How much data can fit through broadband pipes? The next big broadband battle is going to turn on that very question. With data speeds increasing and monthly charges now within range of most family budgets, you 
EarthLink Inc, one of the US #39;s largest consumer ISPs, said yesterday it has started offering free voice over IP calls to subscribers of its high speed service.
Sun Microsystems has announced an upgrade to its UltraSparc IV processor with further use of chip multithreading. UltraSparc IV is a dual core design fabricated by Texas Instruments on its 90nm process.
TO ANYONE working in the technology press, the reluctance of Apple to send out review machines to magazines or websites is notorious.
Internet portal Yahoo has launched a personalization feature in its search engine in an effort to counter Google #39;s ever-rising popularity.
Chip giant Intel announced that it has joined forces with the world #39;s largest handset maker, Nokia, to develop the next generation mobile phone.
The co-founder of Blogger, one of the original Weblogging services and now owned by Google Inc., is leaving the company by the end of the week.
Paying customers only: Microsoft. Company has blocked registration codes that are known to be from illegal copies. Q: I thought that Microsoft was going to make Service Pack 2 available to all XP users, licensed or unlicensed.
Some here might remember a time when Kuro5hin was full of (arguably) interesting commentary, articles, and diaries. Today, by contrast, it is about half crapflooding and other inane drivel and half (arguably) interesting commentary, or at least commentary written with an earnest intent to be interesting. How can that situation be rectified? And why should we care? Within, I discuss these two questions drawing from observation of the Daily Kos (ignoring its political nature if we can).
  Australia is facing a federal election on October 9th with the two main parties having little to separate them in domestic and economic policy. Where the Liberal and Labor parties differ greatly is in foreign policy. The Liberal Party adheres to the "Great and Powerful Friends" doctrine while the Labor Party pursues the doctrine of "Asian Engagement".        Since the September 11th attacks on the United States, terrorism has been thrust to the fore as the dominant security issue facing western nations. Australia has not had a terrorist attack on its shores; but two attacks in Bali and Jakarta have occurred in Indonesia that can be construed as terrorist attacks against Australia. Consequently terrorism for Australia is a foreign policy issue. On this basis the competing foreign policies of the Liberal Party and Labor Party can be compared.  
&lt;strong&gt;Cash'n'Carrion&lt;/strong&gt; Sign up for newsletter, get  #163;20 Virgin plonk voucher
Sixth formers ask Jeeves for information on the heart and get links to hardcore porn.
EA, the world's biggest computer games firm, is setting up a studio in China to push online games.
Mobile phone retailer Carphone Warehouse says recent trading has been better than expected thanks to "robust" demand.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - IBM late on Tuesday announced the  biggest update of its popular WebSphere business software in  two years, adding features such as automatically detecting and  fixing problems.
Businesses and government agencies must re-examine the growing threat of cyberterrorism to automated computer systems running power grids, dams and other industrial facilities, security experts said Tuesday.
Communist North Korea is believed to have trained up to 600 computer hackers to launch cyberattacks against countries such as the United States and South Korea, according to South Korea's Defense Ministry.
