AP - Michael Phelps took care of qualifying for the Olympic 200-meter freestyle semifinals Sunday, and then found out he had been added to the American team for the evening's 400 freestyle relay final. Phelps' rivals Ian Thorpe and Pieter van den Hoogenband and teammate Klete Keller were faster than the teenager in the 200 free preliminaries.
AP - Wily Mo Pena homered twice and drove in four runs, helping the Cincinnati Reds beat the San Diego Padres 11-5 on Saturday night. San Diego was knocked out of a share of the NL wild-card lead with the loss and Chicago's victory over Los Angeles earlier in the day.
AFP - National Basketball Association players trying to win a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal for the United States have gotten the wake-up call that the "Dream Team" days are done even if supporters have not.
AP - The Cleveland Indians pulled within one game of the AL Central lead, scoring four runs in the first inning and beating the Minnesota Twins 7-1 Saturday night behind home runs by Travis Hafner and Victor Martinez.
AP - Kevin Hartman made seven saves for Los Angeles, and Jon Busch had two saves for Columbus as the Galaxy and Crew played to a 0-0 tie Saturday night.
AP - Southern California will begin defense of its first national title in 31 years as the No. 1 team in the nation. The Trojans earned the top spot in the preseason Associated Press poll released Saturday by receiving 48 of 65 first-place votes and 1,603 points.
AP - Italy's Flavia Pennetta won the Idea Prokom Open for her first WTA Tour title, beating Klara Koukalova of the Czech Republic 7-5, 3-6, 6-3 Saturday after French Open champion Anastasia Myskina withdrew before the semifinals because of a rib injury.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, his first gold medal  safely gathered in, eased through the next phase of his  monumental Olympic challenge in the heats of the 200 meters  freestyle Sunday but the immensity of the task ahead was clear.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - A diplomatic wrangle of Olympic  proportions was avoided Sunday when Iranian world judo champion  Arash Miresmaeili failed to make the weight for his clash with  an Israeli opponent.
 KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Tiger Woods failed to make  the most of a red-hot start in the U.S. PGA Championship third  round on Saturday, having to settle for a three-under-par 69.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - But for a decision that enraged her  coach, LaTasha Colander might have been the Marion Jones of the  Athens Olympics.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - John Olerud sunk his former team by  recording a two-run single in the eighth inning to drive in the  go-ahead runs which earned the New York Yankees a 6-4 win over  the host Seattle Mariners in the American League Saturday.   
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Chipper Jones cracked two homers and  Julio Franco's two-run double in the seventh inning drove in  the winning runs as the streaking Atlanta Braves downed the St.  Louis Cardinals 9-7 in the National League Saturday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The honor of Greece lies above  individual athletes and no backstage antics should compromise  it, Greek media said Sunday, after the country's top athletes  were suspended from the team under a cloud of doping suspicion.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat Canada in a world  best time to qualify for the final of the men's Olympic eights  race Sunday, as the two crews renewed their fierce rivalry in  front of a raucous crowd at Schinias.
Avoiding the late trouble that knocked other contenders off track, Vijay Singh held a one-stroke lead over Justin Leonard heading into the final round of the P.G.A. Championship.
John Olerud reveled in his return to Safeco Field by slapping a two-run single that lifted the Yankees and saved Esteban Loaiza from a defeat.
Family Day in the Fens means fun and games to most folks. Players toddle around the bases with wide-eyed kids. Mothers beam. Children smile. All is bliss on the sun-splashed emerald lawn.
The Yankees' Alex Rodriguez , who missed Friday night's game with the flu and stayed back at the team hotel yesterday, dropped his appeal of a four-game suspension issued for his involvement in the July 24 brawl at Boston and began serving the penalty. He won't be eligible to play until Thursday at Minnesota.
Kerry Wood homered and allowed four hits in eight innings, leading the Chicago Cubs over the visiting Los Angeles Dodgers, 2-0, yesterday.
With Scott Williamson bracing for a potentially grim diagnosis of his latest elbow injury, the Red Sox last night appeared poised to move on without him as Curtis Leskanic inched closer to rejoining the club. The Sox initially indicated they would make an announcement last night on Williamson's injury but changed their position during the first inning of the game ...
Player introductions at the final Citizens Bank Summer Caravan stop produced an awkward moment. Walter McCarty and Raef LaFrentz were the featured guests for the free basketball clinic at the Cambridge Family YMCA late last week. McCarty's presence yielded chants of  quot;Walter, Walter quot; from the crowd of 125 kids. LaFrentz left the young fans wondering,  quot;Who is he? quot; The projected ...
HAVEN, Wis. -- Perched high on the bluffs overlooking Lake Michigan, Whistling Straits is a massive, windswept landscape, as large a golf course as \$40 million can buy. It is complete with sand dunes that could double as ski slopes and deep bunkers that should require elevators.
ATHENS -- Star sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou were suspended yesterday from the Greek Olympic team for missing drug tests, but their fate was left in the hands of the International Olympic Committee.
Rich Gannon , the 2002 NFL MVP who was knocked out of the Raiders' loss to Kansas City last Oct. 20 and had shoulder surgery in November, was 9 for 15 for 69 yards in visiting Oakland's 33-30 exhibition win over the San Francisco 49ers last night.
Friday night came as close to an old-time local battle for viewers among Channels 4, 5, and 7 as we're likely to see. It was a throwback to pre-cable, pre-dish, and even pre-UHF days as the three local  quot;originals quot; served up a special night of sports programming. Although Red Sox-White Sox was on Channel 4's  quot;sister quot; station, Channel 38, it ...
WASHINGTON -- Rookie Andy Dorman didn't even have time to get his white, long-sleeved jersey smudged on the sloppy RFK Stadium field last night before salvaging a 2-2 tie for the Revolution against D.C. United. Fifty-five seconds after entering the game as a late substitute, Dorman buried a low shot from inside the penalty area and extended his team's unbeaten ...
OCEANPORT, N.J. -- Sing Me Back Home pulled away in the stretch to win the \$60,000 Decathalon Handicap at Monmouth Park yesterday, equaling the track record for 5 furlongs.
HAVEN, Wis. -- If he were acting his age, Jay Haas would have had the weekend off, resting on his laurels and reaping the benefits of the nice-and-easy Champions Tour.
Southern California greeted news of its first preseason No. 1 ranking since 1979 with ambivalence.
HAVEN, Wis. -- For 18 holes, Stuart Appleby played flawless golf in yesterday's third round, four birdies and 14 pars. It wasn't until he was done playing that he discovered that it wasn't as good a day as he had thought, that he had made a quadruple bogey.
Fifth and ninth for Fernando and Jarno following qualifying for tomorrow's Hungarian Grand Prix.
The teams have just finished their final preparations for the race and qualifying, in much lower temperatures than yesterday.
The Renault F1 Team drivers explain how you can make up positions at the Hungarian circuit.
The Renault F1 Team ran through its programme without worrying about the timesheets or its rivals. The focus has been on Sundays race, not Fridays glory.
Fernando tenth and Jarno seventeenth but no cause for concern, while Pat Symonds explains the challenges of Fridays at the race.
A fourth-quarter lead proves fleeting for the Redskins as John Kasay hits a 52-yard field goal Saturday to give the Panthers a 23-20 overtime win.
Defending national champion USC begins the 2004 season right where it left off the year before - as the top ranked team in the AP Top 25 poll.
There were few offensive highlights during Virginia Tech's first scrimmage of fall practice on Saturday.
Treat Huey, the two-time All-Met Player of the year, suffered a 6-2, 6-0 loss to 29-year-old journeyman Mashiska Washington, the younger brother of former pro and 1996 Wimbledon finalist Malivai.
BALTIMORE, Aug. 14 -- Even before Hurricane Charley ranged up the East Coast and began to drop its drizzle on Pimlico Race Course, the \$75,000 All Brandy Stakes for Maryland-bred fillies and mares had been taken off the track's beat-up turf course.
At 5 feet 8, 160 pounds, second baseman Mike Fontenot looks more like the Class AAA Ottawa Lynx's batboy than one of the Baltimore Orioles' top prospects.
The U.S. women's and men's eights team both set world bests in the Olympic rowing competition Sunday along with Australian pair Sally Newmarch and Amber Halliday.
Michael Phelps is named to the 4x100-meter freestyle relay team that will compete in Sunday's final, keeping alive his quest for a possible eight Olympic gold medals.
AP - With Kobe Bryant's sexual assault trial scheduled to begin in less than two weeks, speculation is mounting that prosecutors are looking for a way to dismiss the charge after a series of setbacks.
AP - Pitcher Mike Bacsik was designated for assignment by the Texas Rangers on Sunday after going 1-1 with a 4.60 ERA in three starts.
AP - Arsenal opened its defense of its English title with a 4-1 win at Everton on Sunday, making it 41 straight games without a loss in the Premier League.
AP - Spain's Rafael Nadal won his first ATP singles title Sunday, beating Argentina's Jose Acasuso 6-3, 6-4 in the final at the Idea Prokom Open.
AP - George Zahringer III is back for another shot at the U.S. Amateur. The New Yorker is one of three returning quarterfinalists for the tournament, which begins Monday at the Winged Foot Golf Club. Lee Williams of Alexander City, Ala., and Patrick Carter of Lesage, W.Va., complete the trio from last year's championship that was won by Nick Flanagan of Australia.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Spain's Pau Gasol got the better of  China's Yao Ming in Olympic basketball's own clash of the  giants Sunday.
 KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - British Open champion Todd  Hamilton made the first significant move in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round Sunday as overnight pacesetter Vijay  Singh prepared for an afternoon tee-off.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran's world judo champion Arash  Miresmaeili refused to compete against an Israeli Sunday,  triggering a fresh crisis at the Olympic Games where race,  creed or color are barred from interfering in sport.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States kept itself firmly on  course for a third straight Olympic softball gold medal when it  thrashed Australia 10-0 Sunday.
 BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
AFP - Call them the "Nightmare Team".
AP - Flyers star Jeremy Roenick paid more than  #36;100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials told The Philadelphia Inquirer.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States lost their first  basketball match at the Olympics since 1988 on Sunday when  Puerto Rico gave them a shock 92-73 trouncing.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals at the Athens  Olympics with a stunning victory in the men's 4x100 meters  freestyle final on Sunday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Iran defied the Olympic spirit on Sunday  by refusing to contest a judo bout with an Israeli at the  Athens Games, making no effort to hide the fact it was putting  solidarity with the Palestinians before gold medals.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Daniela Sofronie displayed all her  athleticism to edge Romania ahead of the United States in the  Olympic women's gymnastics team qualifying Sunday.
Flyers center Jeremy Roenick paid more than \$100,000 to a Florida firm that made millions selling betting tips to gamblers, law enforcement officials told The Philadelphia Inquirer.
AP - Bothered more by the wind and her wrist wrap than her opponent, defending gold medalist Venus Williams overpowered Melinda Czink of Hungary 6-1, 6-2 in the opening match of the Athens Games' tennis tournament. Andy Roddick made his Olympic debut with a 6-3, 7-6 (4) victory over Flavio Saretta of Brazil, swatting 12 aces and 16 service winners.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Misty May gave team mate Kerri  Walsh an ideal 26th birthday present with an easy victory over  Japan in their opening match of the Olympics beach volleyball  tournament on Sunday.
The United States men's basketball team lost to Puerto Rico, 92-73. The loss could put the American gold medal hopes in jeopardy.
 BUDAPEST (Reuters) - Michael Schumacher cruised to a record  12th win of the season in the Hungarian Grand Prix on Sunday to  hand his Ferrari team a sixth successive constructors' title.
AP - Nicholls State football coach Daryl Daye was fired Sunday over accusations of academic fraud involving players and an assistant coach. Daye was not implicated in the alleged fraud, but an investigation found he failed to "maintain proper controls" of the assistant, the Southland Conference school said.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's fairytale Olympic run continued  on Sunday when they beat Costa Rica 2-0 to reach the  quarter-finals of the Athens Games.
South Africa won the gold medal Sunday in the men's 400-meter freestyle relay with a world-record time of 3 minutes 13.17 seconds.
AP - David Newhan tied a career high with four hits, including a go-ahead double in Baltimore's eight-run eighth inning, and the Orioles rallied for an 11-7 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays on Sunday.
AP - Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month and helped San Francisco complete a three-game sweep of the Philadelphia Phillies with a 3-1 victory Sunday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - South Africa ruined Michael Phelps's  dream of winning a record eight gold medals in a dramatic and  controversial day of swimming at the Athens Olympics on Sunday.
NEW YORK (AP) -- Randy Johnson took a four-hitter into the ninth inning to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game losing streak Sunday, beating Steve Trachsel and the New York Mets 2-0.
Eagles running back Bruce Perry will miss his rookie season after dislocating a shoulder in an exhibition game against the New England Patriots.
 KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - American Justin Leonard  stayed on track for his second major title in the U.S. PGA  Championship final round on Sunday, moving two shots clear with  nine holes to play.
AP - Fullback Fred Beasley could be sidelined until the 49ers' season opener Sept. 12 against the Atlanta Falcons with a high left ankle sprain.
AP - Adrian Beltre and Shawn Green homered, and Steve Finley hit a go-ahead RBI single in the eighth inning as the Los Angeles Dodgers rallied for an 8-5 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Sunday.
AP - Scoville Jenkins, a 17-year-old from Atlanta, became the first black to win the 18s singles championship of the U.S. Tennis Association Boys Nationals.
AP - Luis Castillo tied the score with a ninth-inning single, and pinch-hitter Damion Easley hit a two-run double in the 10th inning that led the Florida Marlins over the Milwaukee Brewers 5-3 Sunday.
Reuters - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in\8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game\losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Randy Johnson struck out 14 batters in  8 1/3 innings to help the Arizona Diamondbacks end a nine-game  losing streak with a 2-0 win over the New York Mets on Sunday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer  in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold  on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2  road win over the Cleveland Indians.
Whistling Straits has received magnificent reviews during the P.G.A. Championship, which is currently in a three-man playoff between Justin Leonard, Vijay Singh and Chris DiMarco.
Puerto Rico upsets the United States, 92-73, at the men's basketball preliminaries on Sunday, the first loss at the Games for the three-time defending gold medalists since 1988.
The regular Monday Morning contributors will return to this page next week, as will the weekly poll.
Corey Koskie hit a two-run homer in the 10th inning as the Twins overcame a two-run deficit for a 4-2 win Sunday, giving them a two-game lead over the second-place Indians.
At 23, pitcher Richard Stahl knows there's still time to impress the Baltimore Orioles' front office. He just needs to stay on the mound long enough.
Reuters - Corey Koskie clubbed a two-run homer\in the top of the 10th inning to help the Minnesota Twins hold\on to first place in the American League Central with a 4-2\road win over the Cleveland Indians.
AP - The only birdie Vijay Singh made all day was the only one that mattered. All but counted out of the PGA Championship with a putter that failed him, Singh took advantage of a late collapse by Justin Leonard to get into a three-way playoff Sunday at Whistling Straits, then made the only birdie over the three extra holes to win the final major of the year.
Vijay Singh outlasts Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco in a three-way playoff to win the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wisconsin.
AP - Chris DiMarco and Chris Riley faced knee-knocking pressure in the last round of the PGA Championship. And what did they get for their efforts? More of the same. DiMarco and Riley played themselves into the pressure-packed Ryder Cup with their performances Sunday in the year's final major. DiMarco finished second after a three-man, three-hole playoff and Riley was fourth  #151; good enough to knock Jay Haas and Steve Flesch out of the top 10 in the Ryder Cup point standings.
AP - Michael Phelps surely didn't bargain for this. His quest to win eight gold medals is over, doomed by America's worst showing in the 400-meter freestyle relay. Gary Hall Jr. is ticked off. And now comes the toughest race of all against Ian Thorpe. Not exactly what Phelps had in mind when he decided to challenge Mark Spitz.
AP - Reserve forward Toni Nhleko knocked in a header one minute into stoppage time, leading the Dallas Burn to a 1-0 victory over the first-place MetroStars on Sunday.
AP - Tiger Woods came up empty in a major again, but he's still the No. 1 ranked player in the world.
AP - Longtime Tennessee Tech women's basketball coach Bill Worrell has agreed to a new three-year contract with the option for three more years, the school announced Sunday.
AP - Brad Ott shot an 8-under 64 on Sunday to win the Nationwide Tour's Price Cutter Charity Championship for his first Nationwide victory.
Ralph Friedgen used a four-letter word to describe his Maryland team's offensive performance in Sunday's practice: blah.
Michael Schumacher won the Hungarian Grand Prix Sunday in Budapest, setting yet another record by becoming the first Formula One driver with 12 victories in a season.
When it comes to qualifying for the main draw of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, Robert Kendrick knows that survival takes precedence and friendships are put on hold.
AP - Atlanta Falcons defensive end Patrick Kerney sprained his right knee in practice on Sunday when a lineman rolled on his leg.
AP - This is what everyone was waiting for from Willis McGahee. After 19 months of recuperation and countless questions about the strength of his left knee, the Buffalo Bills running back finally provided some answers. McGahee had the go-ahead score on a 1-yard run in his NFL preseason debut, helping the Bills to a 16-6 win over the Denver Broncos on Sunday.
Several players outplayed Vijay Singh on Sunday, but nobody outlasted him at the 86th P.G.A. Championship.
 KOHLER, Wisconsin (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
Though Fred Funk had been rather morose after missing the cut by a stroke in the 86th PGA Championship on Friday, there was great joy on Sunday.
AP - Unseeded teenager Nicole Vaidisova defeated American Laura Granville 2-6, 6-4, 6-2 in the final of the Vancouver Open on Sunday.
Scott Rolen homered twice to become the first NL player to reach 100 RBIs this season as the St. Louis Cardinals downed the Atlanta Braves, 10-4, on Sunday night.
Braves General Manager John Schuerholz shuffled his deck more than usual this past offseason so doubts were high. Such a challenge makes this season all the sweeter.
AP - Hal Sutton had a good idea what kind of U.S. team he would take to the Ryder Cup. All that changed in the final round of the PGA Championship.
If the Rolling Stones were hired to write the theme song for this year's Red Sox, the group might overhaul one of their classics. Instead of  quot;Satisfaction, quot; they could go with  quot;Separation. quot; That's because no matter how hard they try, the Sox can't get no separation in their quest for the top spot in the wild-card race.
It's a case he could have made more convincingly with something other than a half-swing tapper to the pitcher for the final out of yet another in a seemingly endless series of one-run losses for the Red Sox. But Orlando Cabrera wants fans to believe this: For all the futile swings he has made in his two-week incarnation as a ...
Names Chris Pronger of the St. Louis Blues pulled out of the World Cup of Hockey yesterday with an undisclosed injury, and was replaced on the Canadian team by Jay Bouwmeester of the Florida Panthers. Pronger's decision comes less than a week before the Canadian team opens training camp. The team will practice for the first time Friday in Ottawa. ...
Brett Tomko allowed one run in six innings for his first win in nearly a month, and the San Francisco Giants closed in on the wild-card lead with a 3-1 victory over the Phillies yesterday in Philadelphia, completing a three-game sweep.
The Red Sox have company atop the wild-card standings. In Arlington, Texas, Laynce Nix homered and drove in three runs, including a tiebreaking sacrifice fly, and the Rangers beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays, 6-2, yesterday to sweep the three-game series.
The cheers went up the instant Willis McGahee took the field. How's that for pressure?
FOXBOROUGH -- Matt Light lost his appendix this summer and, as a result, quite a few pounds, but he didn't lose one ounce of his wit.
Revolution coach Steve Nicol is not taking credit for the emergence of Andy Dorman. But Nicol's tactical moves helped place Dorman in a position to score his first two goals as a professional, in the final seconds of a 3-0 win at Dallas Wednesday and on his first touch of Saturday night's game at D.C. United for the Revolution's second ...
ATHENS -- During yesterday's celebration of the assumption of the Virgin Mary, the Greek orthodox clergy had a stern reminder for the organizers of the Olympic Games: No matter what the advertisements and speeches say about Greece's modern, Western orientation, this country is still the domain of its decidedly traditional, ubiquitous state-sanctioned religion. Speaking over the Byzantine chants of a ...
Manu Ginobili's off-balance shot left his hand just a split-second before the final buzzer, dropping through the basket to give Argentina an 83-82 victory over Serbia-Montenegro yesterday on the first day of Olympic men's basketball in Athens.
Sports car ace Ron Fellows nearly pulled off what arguably would have been the biggest upset in NASCAR history, finishing second after starting last yesterday at Watkins Glen (N.Y.) International.
The US men's and women's eights pulled off huge victories in yesterday's Olympic rowing heats, each setting world bests to advance directly to Sunday's finals.
ATHENS -- The evening began on a down note for the US swimming team, and descended from there. First, world champion Jenny Thompson struggled home fifth in the 100-meter butterfly. Then world record-holder Brendan Hansen was caught by Japan's Kosuke Kitajima in the 100 breaststroke. Finally, the men's 4 x 100 freestyle relay finished third behind South Africa and the ...
Tony Azevedo whizzed a last-second shot past Croatian goalkeeper Frano Vican to give the American water polo team a 7-6 victory in its tournament opener yesterday.
ATHENS -- Did Japan's Kosuke Kitajima break the rules when he beat world record-holder Brendan Hansen by 17-100ths of a second in yesterday's Olympic 100-meter breaststroke? Absolutely, insisted Hansen's US teammates, who claimed Kitajima routinely uses the illegal dolphin kick.
ATHENS -- When the Olympic softball schedule was released, Lisa Fernandez grabbed a marker and began counting down the days.  quot;This game is always on my calendar, quot; she said.  quot;I have a tremendous history with Australia. quot; And until yesterday, mostly a haunting one.
ATHENS -- There's only room for one Cinderella in a boxing ring. That was the sad lesson Andre Berto learned last night as his long road to the Olympic Games came to an abrupt end at the Peristeri Boxing Hall in his first fight in the welterweight division. First fight, that is, unless you understand what it took for him ...
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one gold won but one of  his eight title chances now lost, takes on Ian Thorpe and  Pieter van den Hoogenband in their long-awaited showdown in the  200 meters freestyle final on Monday.
AP - The Minnesota Twins left Cleveland clinging to first place in the AL Central  #151; and already looking ahead to their next showdown with the surprising Indians.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  when a disciplinary hearing investigating their missed drugs  tests was adjourned until Wednesday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - A doping probe that has dogged the host  country's Olympic Games staggered toward farce on Monday when a  hearing involving Greece's two top sprinters was postponed  again.
 KOHLER, Wis. (Reuters) - Fiji's Vijay Singh held his  composure to win the 86th U.S. PGA Championship in a three-way  playoff on Sunday, clinching the third major title of his  career.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American sprinter Lauryn Williams said  on Monday she would have no problem competing on the same team  as Marion Jones in the Olympic 4x100 meters relay.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Spanish third seed Carlos Moya tamed a  swirling wind and dogged Swedish opponent Thomas Enqvist to  reach the second round of the Olympic men's singles with a 7-6,  6-7, 9-7 victory Monday.
AP - Greetings from the Olympic men's basketball tournament, where America is tied for last place with Angola, Australia, New Zealand, China and the defending world champions from Serbia-Montenegro.
AP - Czech Republic national ice hockey team coach, and former Pittsburgh Penguins coach, Ivan Hlinka died Monday after sustaining serious injuries in a car crash, an official said.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and  Katerina Thanou won a two-day reprieve at the Athens Olympics  Monday so they could appear in person at a disciplinary hearing  into their missed drugs tests and protest their innocence.
AP - The New England Patriots signed first-round draft pick Benjamin Watson on Monday, ending the tight end's lengthy holdout.
Jay Haas became the second-oldest player to be on the Ryder Cup team, joining Stewart Cink as the two captain's picks Monday for a U.S. team that will try to regain the cup from Europe next month.
Brooklyn-native Yvette Jarvis is an 'every woman' in Greece: professional basketball player, model, TV and talk show star and Athens councilwoman.
U.S. sprinter Torri Edwards appeared for a hearing on her doping case that will determine whether the reigning 100-meter world champion competes in the Athens Games.
In another setback to the prosecution in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case, the court maintains ruling that allows information about the accuser's sex life into court.
AP - They washed cars, put up posters and sold T-shirts to raise the money to be here. When it was finally time for Vicente Escobedo to fight, his family and friends welcomed him into the arena by waving his picture and chanting "Chente, Chente."
AP - Timeline of the sexual assault case against Los Angeles Lakers star Kobe Bryant:
 Chicago, Ill. (Sports Network) - The Chicago Blackhawks  Monday agreed to terms on a one-year contract with defenseman  Bryan Berard. As per team policy, financial terms of the deal  were not disclosed.
Reuters - The New England Patriots\Monday announced the signing of first-round draft pick Benjamin\Watson. As per team policy, terms of the tight end's deal were\not released.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States pursued China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe beat  arch-rival Michael Phelps in the men's 200-meter freestyle on  Monday as the United States trailed China, Australia and Japan  in the medals table on day three of the Olympic Games.
AP - An official from the World Golf Hall of Fame joined a casual conversation last year about players on the verge of election, and someone mentioned Vijay Singh.
 SAN ANTONIO, Texas (Reuters) - Former International Boxing  Federation (IBF) super flyweight champion Robert Quiroga was  killed early Monday, police said.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Ian Thorpe won the gold  medal in the men's 200 meters freestyle, dubbed the "race of  the century," at the Athens Olympics on Monday.
Reuters - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape\case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's\highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key\piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
AP - Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was suspended Monday for two games and fined an undisclosed amount for arguing with umpires during an Aug. 9 game against Cleveland.
 EAGLE, Colo. (Reuters) - The trial in the Kobe Bryant rape  case looked set to go ahead later this month after the state's  highest court ruled against prosecutors on Monday over a key  piece of evidence in the high-profile case.
AP - Larry Brown was despondent, the head of the U.S. selection committee was defensive, and Allen Iverson was hanging up on callers who asked what went wrong. A day after their first Olympic loss in 16 years, the Americans were experiencing varying degrees of distress.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Twice Olympic beach volleyball medallist  Natalie Cook helped new team mate Nicole Sanderson battle  nerves to propel Australia to a 21-19, 17-21, 17-15 win against  China Monday.
AP - All-Star outfielder Ken Griffey Jr. had surgery Monday to repair his torn right hamstring and is expected to return for spring training.
AP - Vaclav Prospal is returning to the Stanley Cup champion Tampa Bay Lightning and will likely take the spot of forward Cory Stillman, who replaced him a year ago.
AP - Brett Favre would love to throw fewer interceptions this season. He's just not sure he can. "It's hard to teach an old dog new tricks, and that's never more true than with me," said Favre, who was picked off 21 times last season, one less than NFL co-leaders Joey Harrington and Marc Bulger. "When I roll out to pass, I feel like there's a touchdown waiting.
Venus Williams and Chanda Rubin lose to Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian of China in the first round of the doubles tournament.
AP - A short walk around the California campus this summer was all Geoff McArthur needed as proof of how much Golden Bears football has changed since his freshman year. A program that won only one game in 2001 and has the longest Rose Bowl drought of any Big Ten or Pac-10 team is finally getting noticed at a school more known for its protests than its passing.
AP - Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood's appeal was rejected Monday and he will begin serving his five-game suspension Tuesday.
AP - Following a mass exodus of offensive stars and starting quarterbacks, defense could dominate the Big Ten this season.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Venus Williams's bid for a second  successive Olympic doubles tennis gold ended on Monday when she  and stand-in partner Chanda Rubin lost 7-5, 1-6, 6-3 to Chinese  eighth seeds Li Ting and Sun Tian Tian in the first round.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan revived memories of their glorious  gymnastics past when they upstaged favorites China and United  States to snatch the Olympic men's team gold for the first time  in 28 years Monday.
AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand. The American men's gymnastics program, long overlooked and often unappreciated, won Olympic silver Monday, capping a four-year rebuilding project to take home a medal for the first time since the boycotted 1984 Games.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The dream of emulating Mark Spitz's  seven Olympic gold medals is over for Michael Phelps but the  American refused to be disappointed after finishing third in  the most eagerly-awaited race of the Athens Games Monday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Natalie Coughlin's run of bad luck  finally took a turn for the better when she won the gold medal  in the women's 100 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics  Monday.
Australia's Ian Thorpe soared past Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands to win the most anticipated race of the Olympics. Michael Phelps finished third.
Recently released outfielder Shane Spencer rejoined the Yankees on Monday, signing a minor league contract after working out at their spring training complex.
Going with experience, Hal Sutton named Jay Haas and Stewart Cink as captain's selections for this year's United States Ryder Cup team.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Told to avoid inflaming anti-American  sentiment, U.S. athletes may have toned down the bravado too  much in the early days of the Athens Games.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - To prepare for the Olympics, Kerri  Pottharst practiced serving with her team mate screaming in her  ear.
AP - The NFL Players Association has gotten involved in Quincy Carter's release by the Dallas Cowboys.
AP - The Los Angeles Galaxy fired coach Sigi Schmid on Monday despite leading Major League Soccer with 34 points.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Ian Thorpe became Australia's greatest  Olympian and staked a claim to being the best swimmer of his  generation when he won "the race of the century" at Athens on  Monday.
AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
Reuters - The NFL Players Association\Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the\recent release of quarterback Quincy Carter, claiming the\organization was in violation of the league's collective\bargaining agreement.
 WASHINGTON (Sports Network) - The NFL Players Association  Monday filed a grievance with the Dallas Cowboys over the  recent release of quarterback Quincy Carter, claiming the  organization was in violation of the league's collective  bargaining agreement.
AP - St. Louis Cardinals outfielder Ray Lankford accepted a minor league assignment to Triple-A Memphis on Monday, nine days after leaving the team to consider his career options.
AP - The NFL Players Association filed a grievance Monday against the Dallas Cowboys on behalf of Quincy Carter, claiming the quarterback was released by the team for reasons not permitted in the NFL collective bargaining agreement.
AP - Former Gold Glove first baseman Doug Mientkiewicz got a rough introduction in his first career start at second base.
AP - The kid couldn't catch the Thorpedo  #151; and he won't be catching Mark Spitz, either. Michael Phelps' quest for seven gold medals ended after just three events, doomed by another bronze Monday night in the most anticipated race at the Olympic pool  #151; the head-to-head showdown with Australia's Ian Thorpe in the 200-meter freestyle.
AP - It's approaching two years since Robb Nen last pitched in the majors, but he still believes he can do it again  #151; despite his troublesome right shoulder.
 MILWAUKEE, Wisconsin (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal  Sutton, opting for form and experience, selected Jay Haas and  Stewart Cink as his wildcard picks for next month's match  against Europe.
AP - Mark Redman pitched eight innings of six-hit ball, and the Oakland Athletics used a three-run fifth inning to beat the Baltimore Orioles 3-1 on Monday night.
AP - Lleyton Hewitt breezed to a 6-1, 6-2 win over Kenneth Carlsen Monday night in the first round of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Ivan Hlinka coached the Czech Republic to the hockey gold medal at the 1998 Nagano Olympics and became the coach of the Pittsburgh Penguins two years later.
AP - Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives and the Seahawks took advantage of Tim Couch's dismal debut for Green Bay in a 21-3 exhibition victory over the Packers on Monday night.
AP - Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the Cleveland Indians on Monday night.
AP - Chipper Jones hit his 300th career home run on Monday night, connecting in the Atlanta Braves' game at San Diego.
The streaking O's lose for only the third time in 14 games as A's starting pitcher Mark Redman pitches eight strong innings to tame the Orioles, 3-1, on Monday night.
Cornerback Walt Harris suits up for his first full practice as a Redskin on Monday after missing minicamp and the first two weeks of training camp.
Chris Simms, the Buccaneers second-year pro competing for Tampa Bay's No. 2 job, completed 12 of 15 passes for 110 yards to help the Bucs to a 20-6 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals on Monday.
Fourth-string quarterback Seneca Wallace led Seattle on two touchdown drives as the Seahawks defeated the Packers, 21-3, on Monday night.
The NFL told its coaches Monday that they must be more specific in reporting injuries to players, saying the current wording of the policy "invites action that runs counter to our intent."
AP - 1904  #151; Jesse Tannehill of the Boston Red Sox pitched a no-hitter, beating the Chicago White Sox 6-0.
With two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to the bargaining table on Tuesday.
AP - Miguel Cabrera homered and Mike Lowell singled home the go-ahead run, helping the Florida Marlins beat the Dodgers 4-2 on Monday night in Paul Lo Duca's return to Los Angeles.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Redman pitched eight strong  innings as the Oakland Athletics clung on to first place in the  American League West with a 3-1 road win over the Baltimore  Orioles on Monday.
Reuters - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth\time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St\Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National\League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Albert Pujols homered for the fifth  time in the last four games and drove in five runs as the St  Louis Cardinals routed the Cincinnati Reds 10-5 in National  League play at Busch Stadium on Monday.
AP - Ten days after trading for Gary Payton, the Boston Celtics still have no idea if the nine-time All-Star will ever wear a Celtics' uniform.
AP - Pinch-hitter Ricky Ledee hit a tiebreaking single in the eighth inning and the San Francisco Giants took over the NL wild-card lead with their fifth straight victory, 8-5 over the Montreal Expos on Monday night.
For Doug Mientkiewicz, the hardest part of playing second turned out not to be the double play pivot, fielding ground balls, or applying the tag on a steal. No, it came when he was hit by a 6-foot-3-inch, 230-pound train.
From Montana to Maine, Puerto Rico to Canada, John Gibbons tagged along wherever the military deemed his father should live. The constant travel gave him a taste of the nomadic life of a baseball manager, his future profession. It also gave him an accent all his own, a Texas twang inflected with tinges of New England.
There are games in which players renew their vows as teammates, and last night's 8-4 victory over the Toronto Blue Jays was one of them. It may not have been as clear as it was in the Yankee-Red Sox brawl game back in late July, which produced an obvious bond.
During a press conference yesterday, Celtics director of basketball operations Danny Ainge answered his cell phone, turned to the audience of reporters, and said,  quot;Hold on, it's Gary Payton. quot; It was an obvious joke, but also wishful thinking.
This was the event Michael Phelps didn't really need to compete in if his goal was to win eight golds. He probably would have had a better chance somewhere else.
It has come to this: Good thing we're in the easy bracket. The United States men's basketball team is in Pool B, along with Greece, Australia, Lithuania, Angola, and, of course, Puerto Rico, the feisty little brother who enjoyed a pretty big laugh at the expense of Uncle Sam's boys Sunday night. Most of the serious teams are ...
Brian Jordan hit a tiebreaking homer in the sixth inning and the Texas Rangers extended their winning streak to four games with a 5-2 victory over the visiting Cleveland Indians last night.
After an 18-day holdout during which he parted ways with his second agent (IMG's Tom Condon , who replaced Darrell Wills , formerly of IMG but now decertified) and hired a third ( Pat Dye Jr. ), first-round pick Benjamin Watson signed a six-year contract and reported to training camp yesterday.
In many professional leagues recently, the defending champion has had a smooth start to the season. Mexico proved to be an exception, though, as UNAM Pumas fell to Tecos, 1-0, losing two players and coach Hugo Sanchez to ejections Sunday.
Ivan Hlinka, a former Pittsburgh Penguins coach who led the Czech Republic to a gold medal at the 1998 Nagano Olympics, died yesterday after being injured in a car crash. He was 54.
Standing in the snow at a medal celebration at the 2002 Winter Games at Salt Lake City, Jimmy Pedro had a sudden inspiration. He took out his cellphone and called his wife, Marie, back in Methuen, Mass.
It was a glorious surprise, igniting a party complete with song and dance: The Greeks won the first gold medal of their hometown Olympics with an unexpected victory last night in synchronized diving.
The US women's gymnastics team, which wlll go after Olympic gold tonight, will be doing it without Courtney McCool , whom the coaching staff left off the roster after she had a rough night in Sunday's prelims.
Boston sports fans have a track record. Predictably, we watch the Red Sox, Patriots, and big events. So it gets interesting when they go head to head, as they did Friday night. A look at the ratings confirms that the Olympics qualify as an extremely big event.
Pro baseball: Red Sox vs. Toronto at Fenway Park, 7 p.m.; Atlantic League -- Nashua vs. Camden at Holman Stadium, Nashua, 6:30 p.m.; International League -- Pawtucket vs. Buffalo at McCoy Stadium, Pawtucket, R.I., 7 p.m.; Eastern League: Portland vs. New Britain at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 7 p.m.; Northeast League -- Brockton vs. New Haven at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, ...
AP - Daryle Ward, Albert Pujols and Chipper Jones had big nights at the plate at the expense of National League pitchers.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was plunged in national  self-satisfaction on Tuesday after its synchronized divers won  the host nation's first gold medal of the Athens Olympics.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - China led the Olympic medal race going  into the fourth day of competition on Tuesday with 10 golds.
AP - Twenty years later, the boys are back on the medal stand.
In a stunning blow to the U.S., Americans Ian Crocker and Jason Lezak miss the cut in the 100-meter freestyle preliminaries.
AFP - Telephone calls from flabergasted friends back home have helped install a sense of urgency in the United States Olympic basketball team in the wake of their stunning loss to Puerto Rico.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece's top two athletes, facing a  state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug tests and a  motorbike crash, left hospital Tuesday declaring they were  innocent and should be allowed to compete in the Olympic Games.
AP - With two fruitless negotiating sessions behind them and only one month left before an NHL lockout, the league and the players association will return to the bargaining table Tuesday.
Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris insists he is not a drug cheat as he leaves hospital.
Great Britain slip down to third after the cross-country round of the three-day eventing.
HAVEN, Wis. -- An official from the World Golf Hall of Fame joined a casual conversation last year about players on the verge of election and someone mentioned Vijay Singh.  quot;He wouldn #39;t get my vote, quot; the official said. 
Description: In the weeks leading up to the Olympic games in Athens, hotels were expecting huge crowds to flood the city. Lagging ticket sales at Olympic venues seem to have trickled into the hotel business as well, as crowds have failed to show up as ...
Australia #39;s Nicole Pratt has advanced to the third round of the tennis event at the Athens Olympics with a three-set win over Italian Tathiana Garbin. 
JUST yesterday, it looked as though West Indies had a chance to finally win their first match in 2004 against England. How quickly that faded away! Simply put, West Indies lost the plot. England, behind on first innings, did just enough to ...
ATHENS, Greece - Yao Ming bounced back from a rough opening game with 39 points and 13 rebounds to lead China to a 69-62 victory over New Zealand in the men #39;s basketball Group A tournament Tuesday. 
ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Any hint of rust after a 12-week lay-off was long gone by the time Justine Henin-Hardenne took to the Olympic tennis court on Tuesday, a fact drummed mercilessly home to Venezuela #39;s Maria Vento-Kabchi. 
DURBAN, Aug 17 (Reuters) - South Africa hope AJ Venter will add a physical edge to their play in the loose in the deciding Tri-Nations test against Australia in Durban on Saturday. 
I #39;m starting to wonder if  quot;Puerto Rico 92, USA 73 quot; was one of those life-altering upsets, along the lines of  quot;USA 4, USSR 3 quot; and  quot;Cadwallader 99, Nevada State 98. quot; It #39;s not that we lost. I knew that was going to happen. Even predicted it. It was the way ...
Liverpool, England (Sports Network) - Antonio Nunez arrived at Liverpool Tuesday as part of the deal that sent Michael Owen to Spanish giant Real Madrid. 
Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s Olympic Committee. So far the International Olympic Committee has been silent. What #39;s your view? ...
THE Springboks will need to reduce the amount of possession they give away through errant kicking sharply if they are to limit Australia #39;s lethal counterattacking power in Saturday #39;s tri-nations clash in Durban. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - An angry Yao Ming took his frustrations out on New Zealand at the Olympic men #39;s basketball tournament on Tuesday, pouring in 39 points as China beat the Kiwis 69-62. 
West Indies captain Brian Lara tips his helmet to the fans after becoming one of only four players to reach ten thousand runs in Test matches. Picture:AP ...
ATHENS, Greece (Ticker) -- The dream of a second consecutive beach volleyball gold medal has become all but impossible for American Dain Blanton. 
 ATHENS, Greece (Reuters) - Greece's top two athletes,  facing a state prosecutor's investigation over missed drug  tests and a motorbike crash, left a hospital Tuesday declaring  they were innocent and should be allowed to compete in the  Olympic Games.
Mardy Fish turns things around for the biggest victory of his career, a 4-6, 7-6 (5), 6-4 comeback against former No. 1 Juan Carlos Ferrero.
Allen Iverson breaks his right thumb but plans to play anyway Tuesday for the U.S. men's basketball team, which is coming off a loss to Puerto Rico.
Olympic champion Kostas Kenteris, who is likely to be expelled from the Olympics for missing a doping test, said Tuesday that he is not a drugs cheat. 
You #39;ve heard of swimmer #39;s ear, but what about swimmer #39;s wave? It #39;s the odd way in which Olympic swimmers -- and many gymnasts -- acknowledge applause: By raising their arms to the sky, palms upward, then moving their hands about as if they #39;re changing ...
 ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek  sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow  athlete Costas Kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source  said on Tuesday.
Union Defence Minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday congratulated double trap shooter Major Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore on becoming the first Indian to win a silver medal in an individual event at the Olympics. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek teenager Ilias Iliadis swept up the Olympic host country #39;s second gold medal on Tuesday, winning the men #39;s judo under 81kg category. 
Ian Bell is almost certain to make his England Test debut on Thursday in the final match against West Indies. 
LOOSEHEAD prop Bill Young believes a change in attitude by the forwards has played a key role in taking the Wallabies to the threshold of winning the Tri-Nations trophy. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - A medical examiner has found that Greek sprinter Katerina Thanou, who was in hospital with fellow athlete Costas Kenteris, had no injuries, a judicial source said on Tuesday. 
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Olympic organizers announced that more than half of available tickets (3.1 million) to the Games have been sold, almost reaching the budget for purchases. 
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Ilias Iliadis captured Greece #39;s second gold medal of the 2004 Olympics with a thrilling victory over Roman Gontyuk of the Ukraine in the men #39;s under 81kg category in judo on Tuesday. 
(Sports Network) - Pedro Martinez will try to win his fourth consecutive decision, as he takes the hill for the Boston Red Sox in the middle test of a three-game series against the visiting Toronto Blue Jays. 
ABRASIVE Springbok flanker AJ Venter returns to the field on Saturday for South Africa #39;s crunch encounter against Australia, the only change to the team announced by coach Jake White today. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Brazil have had two women's teams on the  beach volleyball podium at the last two Olympics and moved a  step closer to a hat-trick Tuesday.
ALICIA Molik joined fellow Australian Nicole Pratt in the last 16 of the Olympic tennis competition overnight with a 7-5 6-4 second round win over Slovenia #39;s Katarina Srebotnik. 
Iran #39;s Judo champion, a favourite at the Athens Games, has disqualified himself rather than face an Israeli opponent, apparently on the instruction of Iran #39;s Olympic Committee. So far the International Olympic Committee has been silent. What #39;s your view? ...
ATHENS : Sheikh Ahmed Al-Maktoum #39;s six-year quest for Olympic glory ended with a historic first ever gold for the United Arab Emirates on Tuesday after he clinched the men #39;s double trap shooting event. 
ATHENS, Greece  For people willing to devote an unfathomable \$1.5 billion to  quot;security quot; for the Olympic Games, the Greeks sure are careless. As in, they couldn #39;t care less. 
THESSALONIKI, Greece - With Abby Wambach out with a suspension after receiving two yellow cards Sunday against Brazil, the US soccer team came together and grabbed the lead early in their game against Australia on Tuesday afternoon. 
ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Rajyavardhan Singh Rathore loves cricket as much as any Indian, even if the national obsession with ball and bat can make it hard for the country #39;s Olympic athletes to get a look in. 
AP - American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Tuesday in the 200-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 1:54.04.
AP - Strong safety Ifeanyi Ohalete was cut by the Washington Redskins on Tuesday after starting 15 games for the team last season.
Reuters - Major League Baseball\Monday announced a decision on the appeal filed by Chicago Cubs\pitcher Kerry Wood regarding a suspension stemming from an\incident earlier this season.
Stephen Parry comes a brilliant third behind Michael Phelps in the men's 200m butterfly.
AP - Michael Phelps, denied in his bid to win seven gold medals, picked up his second victory of the Athens Games by winning the 200-meter butterfly Tuesday night in Olympic-record time. Phelps fell just short of his own world record, holding off Takashi Yamamoto to win in 1 minute, 54.01 seconds. The hard-charging Japanese swimmer took silver in 1:54.56, while Great Britain's Stephen Parry won bronze in 1:55.22.
AP - After 17 years, the Matildas finally caught up to the U.S. women's soccer team. Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gave Australia a 1-1 tie Tuesday with the United States, breaking a 15-game Aussie losing streak that dates to the teams' first meeting in 1987.
Joanne Peters' 12-yard header in the 82nd minute gives Australia a 1-1 tie with the United States, while the Americans already clinched a spot in the quarterfinals.
SLALEY, England, Aug 17 (Reuters) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson says he is prepared to put his faith in the nucleus of the squad that flopped at Euro 2004 as he tries to plot a successful challenge for the World Cup. 
 The United States is on the verge of winning its first fencing medal in twenty years.  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou are out of the hospital but not out of the woods. 
It used only to be Australians who suffered from dead-rubber syndrome  that most infuriating of conditions whereby a dominant side could write off a failure to complete a clean-sweep by claiming that the match never mattered anyway. Now, however, it is ...
ASHBURN, Va. (AP) -- He was demoted to third string a couple weeks ago, didn #39;t do exactly what the coaches wanted and was coming off a bad game. Ifeanyi Ohalete knew what was coming next. 
PHOENIX (Ticker) -- Jack Wilson lofted a sacrifice fly in the top of the 10th inning to lift the Pittsburgh Pirates to a wild 8-7 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks. In the 10th, Jose Castillo drew leadoff walk against Greg Aquino (0-1) and stole ...
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Top seed Roger Federer was bundled out  of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech  Tomas Berdych.
U.S. sprinter Torri Edwards is knocked out of the Olympics for good Tuesday when an arbitration panel upholds her two-year drug suspension.
AP - Yana Klochkova of Ukraine completed an Olympic sweep of the individual medleys, winning gold in the 200-meter IM Tuesday night. Amanda Beard of Irvine, Calif., made a dramatic move from fifth to second on the breaststroke portion and earned the silver in 2:11.70  #151; her fifth career Olympic medal.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Roger Federer was bundled out of the Olympic tennis tournament Tuesday by unheralded Czech Tomas Berdych. 
ATHENS, Greece -- US sprinter Torri Edwards #39; suspension was upheld by a panel of three international arbitrators Tuesday, leaving the reigning 100-meter world champion unable to compete at the Olympics. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps led the United States to  a narrow victory in the men's 4x200 meters freestyle relay at  the Athens Olympics Tuesday to collect his third gold medal in  four days.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was dismissed Tuesday.
AP Olympic Digest for Wednesday AMs. The supervisor is Aaron Watson. The phone number for the New York sports desk is (212) 621-1630. Reruns of stories and agate available from http://yourap.org, from the Service Desk (800-838-4616) or your local AP ...
Ashburn, VA (Sports Network) - The Washington Redskins have released safety Ifeanyi Ohalete, a starter for 15 games last season. 
ATHENS, Greece -- Larry Brown was despondent, the head of the US selection committee was defensive and an irritated Allen Iverson was hanging up on callers who asked what went wrong. 
HOST nation Greece grabbed its first gold medal of the Athens Olympics this morning when Nikolaos Siranidis and Thomas Bimis won the men #39;s three-metre synchronised diving after China #39;s favourites suffered a no-dive. 
Kosuke Kitajima #39;s technique may get a sharper eye from officials today in the 200-meter breaststroke race. 
Iran #39;s transparent decision to boycott head-to-head competitions against Israeli athletes is an assault on the Olympic ideal. It needs to be dealt with swiftly and sternly. Instead, the International Judo Federation could not find enough executive members ...
 quot;It #39;s sad, quot; the British visitor to Athens said, shaking her head.  quot;It #39;s sad that nobody is here, buying tickets to the Olympics. People should be out there telling people that Athens is great. It #39;s a great experience. quot; ...
Michael Owen is confident that he will be a success at Real Madrid following his 8m move from Liverpool. 
Michael Owen today insisted that Sven-Goran Eriksson has the full backing of the England squad and warned that the coach should not be underestimated. 
WASHINGTON -- Lleyton Hewitt launched his ATP Washington Classic campaign with a 6-1 6-2 first round win over Kenneth Carlsen of Denmark. 
Prosecutors in the Kobe Bryant case suffered yet another setback yesterday when a court shot down their last-ditch attempt to keep the accuser #39;s sex life out of the looming trial. 
LOS ANGELES -- Everywhere you looked before Monday night #39;s game at Dodger Stadium, there he was. Paul Lo Duca, the thirtysomething mother of two. Paul Lo Duca, the dude with the thick beard and the backward Dodgers cap. Paul Lo Duca, the guy with the beer ...
FIRST QUARTER: K Ryan Longwell 47-yard field goal at 9:03. Key plays: QB Brett Favre opened the drive with a 7-yard pass to WR Donald Driver to GB 39. RB Ahman Green 3-yard run, plus 5-yard facemask penalty on Seattle moved ball to GB 47. Favre 11-yard ...
AP - The family of former Kansas City Chiefs star Derrick Thomas is not entitled to any money from General Motors Corp. for the Jan. 2000 crash that killed the nine-time Pro Bowl linebacker, a jury ruled Tuesday.
ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 metres champion Torri Edwards will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a two-year drugs ban was dismissed. 
A man of words, commitment and warmth. Rajyvardhan Singh Rathore combines all these qualities. And he, of course, is one of the most talented shooters of recent times. 
AP - The Phoenix Coyotes re-signed right wing Mike Johnson on Tuesday to a three-year contract.
This was no miracle, but you could not tell by the amount of elation surrounding the Dream Team #39;s trip to the woodshed Sunday. 
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  Top-seeded Roger Federer was eliminated in the second round of the Olympics Tuesday night, losing 4-6, 7-5, 7-5 to Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic. Federer, who won Wimbledon the past two years and replaced Andy Roddick atop ...
GREEN BAY, Wis. (AP) -- Tim Couch #39;s troubles grasping the West Coast offense gave rookie punter BJ Sander plenty of opportunities to make a good first impression with the Green Bay Packers. 
AP - Eli Manning is going to get a chance to open the season as the New York Giants' starting quarterback.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - World 100 meters champion Torri Edwards  will miss the Athens Olympics after her appeal against a  two-year drugs ban was dismissed on Tuesday.
----------------------------------------------- GLENDALE, Arizona (Ticker) - Mike Johnson missed most of last season after undergoing shoulder surgery, but that didn #39;t stop the Phoenix Coyotes from giving him the veteran right wing a three-year contract ...
Andy Roddick and Roger Federer both found themselves mired in three-set struggles Tuesday night at the Olympics. 
No. 1 draft pick Eli Manning will make his first start at quarterback for the New York Giants in their exhibition game Thursday against the Carolina Panthers, coach Tom Coughlin announced Thursday, according to ESPN. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on  Tuesday.
ATHENS : World No 1 Roger Federer of Switzerland crashed out of the Olympic tennis tournament when he lost to unseeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic. 
University of Colorado wide receiver Jeremy Bloom has lost his bid to continue playing college football while accepting endorsements to support his professional skiing career. 
Q. It #39;s a slow road back, isn #39;t it? You #39;ve had the illness and injury problems earlier in this year. Did you lose confidence or what? ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women #39;s sabre final on Tuesday. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Mariel Zagunis won the first fencing  gold for the United States for 100 years when she beat Xue Tan  of China 15-9 in the inaugural Olympic women's sabre final on  Tuesday.
ATHENS, Greece - With the quest to surpass Mark Spitz out of the way, Michael Phelps could savor one of the greatest races in swimming history. Phelps claimed his second and third gold medals of the Athens Games on Tuesday, winning the ...
ATHENS - Olympic organizers have increased security inside all sports venues today after a Canadian, whose body was emblazoned with the name of an Internet casino, climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool. 
THESSALONIKI, Greece - The US women #39;s soccer team only needed a tie Tuesday, and that #39;s all it got - settling for a draw against a team it had always beaten. The Americans tied Australia 1-1, ending a perfect record against the Matildas ...
AP - Robert Porcher knows his NFL career is heading toward the end.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Romania underlined their superiority  over the rest of the field by storming to the women's  gymnastics team gold at the Olympic Games Tuesday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - In a baseball battle of gold-medal  contenders, Japan banged three home runs to defeat Cuba 6-3  Tuesday, as starter Daisuke Matsuzaka pitched into the ninth.
Waiting for the bus to the Markopoulos shooting range this afternoon, a question from a Chinese journalist rattled me.  quot;From India? How many medals have you won? quot; ...
For the purist, watching basketball played at the Olympic level is a nice break from what #39;s become of the game in this country. 
ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer was bundled out of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday by unheralded Czech Tomas Berdych. 
SAN FRANCISCO (Ticker) -- The San Francisco Giants will look for their sixth straight win Tuesday when they continue a four-game series against the Montreal Expos at SBC Park. 
AP - It didn't take long for the new coaches of three soccer powers to make their marks.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States rebounded from a shock  opening game loss to narrowly beat Greece 77-71 at the men's  Olympic basketball tournament on Tuesday.
THENS, Aug. 17  American shot-putter John Godina walked into the ancient Olympic stadium at Olympia when he arrived there earlier this week and the history he had studied in college came to life before his eyes. 
AP - Defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday's practice.
AFP - Allen Iverson scored 17 points despite a fractured right thumb and the reeling United States team was pushed to the brink before beating Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary round basketball game.
AP - David Toms was going through his PGA Tour schedule for the remainder of the year when he mentioned the 84 Lumber Classic, which is squeezed between the Ryder Cup and a World Golf Championship in Ireland.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's own baseball "Dream Team"  hammered arch-rivals Cuba 6-3 and set themselves up as  favorites for gold in the Athens Olympics Tuesday.
The recently crowned European Champions are out of the running for a medal in men #39;s soccer. In the group rounds, Greece lost to Mexico 2:3 and watched as its favorite sons had to give up a chance for a gold to teams like Mali, South Korea, Iraq and ...
Defensive end ND Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during in Tuesday #39;s practice. 
ATHENS, Aug. 16 (Xinhuanet) -- World championships third-placers Japan took a sweet revenge on Monday to claim the men #39;s gymnasticsteam title at the Athens Olympics with a total score of 173.821 points. 
ATHENS - The United States won its first fencing medals in 20 years Tuesday, a bronze by an Atlanta-area competitor and a gold by Mariel Zagunis in the saber competition. 
The Americans survive a poor shooting night to beat Greece 77-71 at the men's Olympic basketball tournament on Tuesday.
For all their troubles, the Olympic Games remain the greatest unifying force in the world. Every four years, they draw a diverse international audience, bridging cultural gaps, transcending ethnic divisions, and uniting us all in a single, harmonious ...
THENS, Aug. 17  As the American fencer Mariel Zagunis yelled in triumph, her teammates rushed her and hurled her into the air. What made their celebratory gesture especially notable was that Zagunis was still holding, and waving, her ...
MAMARONECK, NY (AP)  Oscar Alvarez of Colombia shot a 3-under-par 67 for the first-round lead at the US Amateur on Monday. Alvarez, a junior at BYU, had five birdies and two bogeys on the 6,775-yard East course at Winged Foot Golf Club, and was the ...
AP - Red Sox reliever Scott Williamson sought a third opinion on his ailing right elbow Tuesday before deciding whether to have major reconstructive surgery.
ATHENS  The United Arab Emirates and India scored Olympic firsts on day four of the Athens Games on Tuesday and there was good news also for host Greece, which landed its second gold of the competition. 
ATHENS : Allen Iverson scored 17 points despite a fractured right thumb and the reeling United States team was pushed to the brink before beating Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary round basketball game. 
ATHENS: Australia #39;s Matildas salvaged a 1-1 draw against the United States at the Athens Olympics on Tuesday to join the Americans in the last eight of the women #39;s soccer tournament. 
ATHENS, Aug 17 (Reuters) - World number one Roger Federer #39;s top target for the year -- an Olympic tennis gold medal -- was taken away from him in a  quot;terrible day quot; on Tuesday. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's "Matildas" salvaged a 1-1  draw against the United States at the Athens Olympics on  Tuesday to join the Americans in the last eight of the women's  soccer tournament.
Giants Coach Tom Coughlin announced that rookie quarterback Eli Manning will start ahead of two-time M.V.P. Kurt Warner in Thursday's preseason game against Carolina.
The N.C.A.A. has denied Jeremy Bloom's request to play football at Colorado while accepting endorsements to support his skiing career.
AP - Hot-tempered and outspoken, Kellen Winslow Jr. isn't toning it down just because he's a rookie.
AFP - Sick, injured and reeling from a humiliating loss, the United States basketball team struggled past Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary-round game that signaled more difficulties to come.
ATHENS Imagine, just for the length of a breezy, sun-kissed summer evening in Athens, that you had not heard a word about Michael Phelps before these Olympics began. That you knew nothing about his childhood in Baltimore; the failed Olympic dreams of his ...
ATHENS Top-seeded Roger Federer was eliminated in the second round of the Olympic tennis tournament Tuesday, losing to Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic, 4-6, 7-5, 7-5. 
AP - Twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, Kayla Burt said Tuesday she plans to again play basketball for Washington in the 2004-05 season.
Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou, the Greek sprinters who, it is alleged, deliberately evaded four drugs tests, left hospital yesterday with Kederis having been treated for scratches and Thanou with no visible injuries. 
White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen, set to start a two-game suspension Tuesday night, went to a hospital before the game against Detroit because of pain in his back and side. 
What an inspirational story: former world title contender becomes used car salesman in Texas, becomes rattlesnake killer, becomes pest exterminator in Baghdad, becomes boxing coach of Iraq and self-proclaimed  quot;saviour quot; of that troubled nation. It is ...
ATHENS, Greece  Take Mark Spitz off his back, and this Phelps kid is pretty fast.  quot;It is, quot; Michael Phelps conceded,  quot;a little bit easier to get up on the (starting) block. quot; ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - US teenager Michael Phelps powered his way to two more golds in the Olympic swimming pool on Tuesday, setting a new Games record in the 200 meters butterfly and leading a 4 x 200 freestyle cliffhanger. 
The family name alone, Al Maktoum, offered more than a scintilla of suspicion that we could expect something special. Never mind that victory normally materialises in the form of blue-blooded bloodstock rather from the barrel of ...
Twenty months after her teammates helped save her life when her heart stopped, Kayla Burt said Tuesday she plans to again play basketball for Washington in the 2004-05 season. 
AP - Jon Gruden can understand why Tampa Bay fans are talking about Chris Simms.
Despite his disappointing performance in Portugal during the World Cup, England captain and Real Madrid midfielder David Beckham has at least one loyal supporter in the shape of Vodafone. 
AP - Ryan Moore took medalist honors in stroke-qualifying play at the U.S. Amateur on Tuesday, shooting and even-par 70 for a two-round total of 139.
The Greek sprinter Kostas Kenteris left hospital yesterday protesting his innocence ahead of today #39;s International Olympic Committee disciplinary hearing that looks certain to land him with a ban. 
Sick, injured and reeling from a humiliating loss, the United States basketball team struggled past Greece 77-71 in an Olympic preliminary-round game that signalled more difficulties to come. 
AP - Chicago Bears left guard Rex Tucker will miss eight to 10 weeks of the regular season because of a dislocated left elbow.
When the NBA began sending its players to the Olympics in 1992, one of the league #39;s goals was to spread basketball around the globe. Clearly, the idea worked. 
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, will host competition for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot put competition of the Athens Games is contested at Greece #39;s most sacred sporting site. 
IN a desperate attempt to spark some public interest in an England team that appears to be quickly losing its appeal, Sven-Gran Eriksson announced his starting line-up for the friendly against Ukraine at St James #39; Park a day earlier than expected. 
BEIJING, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- China is already halfway to its stated goal of 20 gold medals at the Athens Olympics after going into the fourth day of the 16-day competition, CRIENGLISH.com said Wednesday. 
AP - Tim Hudson pitched a five-hitter to earn his first victory since June 11, and Scott Hatteberg's second grand slam of the season highlighted a four-homer attack that carried the Oakland Athletics past the Baltimore Orioles 11-0 Tuesday night.
Nobody heard the American players exhale when the buzzer sounded to end a 77-71 victory, because 12,000 delirious fans saluted Greece, the home team that had come close.
With a showdown against preseason No. 1 USC on the horizon, tailback Cedric Humes rested his sore ankle and sat out Tuesday's scrimmage.
Chicago White Sox skipper Ozzie Guillen entered a Chicago hospital on Tuesday with symptoms that suggest kidney stones.
This morning as Britain awakes, Kostas Kenteris and his training partner, Katerina Thanou, will be asked three questions by the disciplinary commission of the International Olympic Committee. These will determine whether they deliberately ...
Torri Edwards, the American sprinter, was shown no mercy here last night when the Court of Arbitration for Sport upheld her two-year doping ban. 
ATHENS, Greece -- It began with Allen Iverson -- The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA -- forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously hitting the floor against Greece in full regalia. 
THENS, Aug. 17 - Earlier this week, John Godina, a shot-putter from the United States, walked into the ancient stadium at Olympia, about 200 miles southwest of Athens, and the history he had studied in college came to life. 
Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on the Carolina Panthers.
The Yankees' Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play.
Jermaine Dye began the fireworks in the sixth with a two-run home run and Tim Hudson baffled the Orioles as Oakland rolled, 11-0, Tuesday.
With less than three weeks left in the Class AAA Ottawa Lynx's season, Jack Cust is counting down the days until his two-year stay with the Baltimore Orioles organization ends.
Washington Capitals defenseman Brendan Witt was awarded \$2.2 million for the 2004-05 season in his arbitration hearing on Tuesday.
Pro Bowl cornerback Champ Bailey practiced with the offense at wide reciever during the Denver Broncos' practice on Tuesday.
Why you should watch: Given the longstanding American hegemony in the shot put, it #39;s plausible that the three-man US delegation could sweep the competition. But the most compelling reason to watch is the unparalleled setting. 
EMPSTEAD, NY, Aug. 17 - It has become a recurring part of the practice-field banter at Jets training camp. Jerricho Cotchery, the rookie wide receiver, hauls in another bomb on a post route or makes another touchdown catch, and ...
AP - Left tackle Robert Gallery, the second player taken in the NFL draft, didn't practice Tuesday morning with the Oakland Raiders because of an elbow injury, leaving his status uncertain for Saturday's preseason game against Dallas.
AP - The blood clots that went from Aaron Cook's shoulder to his lungs might threaten his career.
The N.H.L. and the players association moved no closer to a collective bargaining agreement during a five-hour meeting Tuesday.
There are favorites and there are expectations, but to compete in the Olympics is to hazard the risk of being outfought, outscored, out-happied. 
San Diego, CA (Sports Network) - The San Diego Padres requested unconditional release waivers for righthanded reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday, ending the 36- year-old #39;s run in Southern California. 
INNEAPOLIS, Aug. 17 - The Yankees #39; Gary Sheffield has a pulled muscle and bursitis in his troublesome left shoulder, but can continue to play, according to a diagnosis provided on Tuesday by Dr. Frank Jobe, the noted orthopedic surgeon who ...
Philadelphia Eagles defensive end ND Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee at yesterday #39;s practice. 
Orlando Cabrera hit a run-scoring double off the Green Monster in the ninth inning on reliever Justin Speier #39;s second pitch of the game, giving the Boston Red Sox a 5-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Tuesday night. 
AP - Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8-2 victory Tuesday night.
MILWAUKEE, Wis. -- Hal Sutton will get second-guessed, which is the main by-product of the captain of Ryder Cup teams having two at-large selections and one month before the 35th version of the matches are played at Oakland Hills Country ...
Five hours of talks Tuesday brought owners and players no closer to resolving labor disagreements that will lead to a lockout when the collective bargaining agreement ends Sept. 15. 
SAN DIEGO (AP) - The San Diego Padres released reliever Rod Beck on Tuesday and recalled centre fielder Freddy Guzman from triple-A Portland. 
AP - Ichiro Suzuki went 4-for-4 and drove in a career-high five runs, leading the Seattle Mariners to a 16-3 rout of the Kansas City Royals on Tuesday night.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) -- Brad Radke pitched seven solid innings, Corey Koskie drove in three runs and the Minnesota Twins beat the New York Yankees in the regular season for the first time since 2001 with an 8-2 victory Tuesday night.
ATHENS, Aug. 17 -- Rarely has a huge lead disappeared so quickly. Largely unheralded US swimmer Klete Keller jumped in the pool for the final leg of the 4x200-meter freestyle relay a second-and-a-half ahead of Australian legend Ian Thorpe. 
ARLINGTON -- Rangers first baseman Mark Teixeira made history Tuesday at Ameriquest Field in Arlington against Cleveland when he became the second player in franchise history to hit for the cycle. 
Two of the three Australians who made the field for this week #39;s US Amateur Championship at the famed Winged Foot Golf Club in New York, have made it into the top sixty four who will fight out the Match Play phase of the Championship. 
AP - The Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a five-player trade that would bring forwards Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and send centers Erick Dampier, Evan Eschmeyer and guard Dan Dickau to Dallas, an NBA source aware of the negotiations told The Associated Press on Tuesday.
Empty seats in Athens offer a bizarre television backdrop for the Olympics - one that cannot be avoided by NBC.
Eli Manning, the No. 1 pick in this year's N.F.L. draft, will make his first professional start on Thursday when the Giants take on Carolina.
Because Javier Vazquez fizzled while Brad Radke flourished, the Yankees sustained their first regular-season defeat by the Minnesota Twins since 2001.
The N.H.L. and the players association moved no closer to a collective bargaining agreement during a five-hour meeting.
THE guy exudes an aura of sure-fire confidence - the confidence that is based on his burning desire to excel. Shaikh Ahmed Mohammed Hasher Al Maktoum expects to be successful - and he invariably is. 
SLALEY, England, Aug 17 (Reuters) - England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has thrown down to gauntlet to the international soccer authorities to preserve the health of the world  quot;superstar quot; footballers for major tournaments. 
KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Twenty-four hours before the US National Team takes on the Jamaicans in their first CONCACAF World Cup qualifying semifinal round match, and the Americans were nowhere to be found. 
MINNEAPOLIS -- Considering how much the Yankees have dominated the Twins during the regular season in recent years, it was easy to assume Javier Vazquez picked the right time to return from a nasty two-week bout with conjunctivitis. 
Santos allowed just one run in 6 1-3 innings to win for the first time since beating Chicago on July 16, and the Brewers defeated the Cubs 3-1 Tuesday night. 
Boosted by strong results from US gymnasts and swimmers, NBC #39;s ratings for the Athens Olympics #39; first four days have topped the disappointing viewership levels of the 2000 Sydney Games. 
The Associated Press reports that the Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a deal that would bring Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and send Erick Dampier, Evan Eschmeyer and Dan Dickau to Dallas.
Rangers first baseman Mark Teixeira hit for the cycle and drove in a career-high seven runs in a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night.
ATHENS - Larry Brown found out some things about his team last night. Among them was that Allen Iverson apparently shoots better with a fractured right thumb than he does with two healthy paws. 
ATHENS -- Today, Olympians will be in the ancient stadium at Olympia for the shot put competition. Been there, but haven #39;t done that. 
NEW YORK, Aug 17 (Reuters) - Number-one seed Andre Agassi survived a surprisingly tough first set test before he eventually coasted to a 6-4 6-2 win over Paul Goldstein at the Washington Classic on Tuesday. 
Olympic laurels. NBC swept the Nielsen ratings medals, with its first three nights of coverage in Athens taking the top three prime-time spots last week (Aug. 9-15) in viewers and advertiser-coveted young adults. The surge ...
The Warriors and Mavericks are close to completing a five-player trade that would bring forwards Eduardo Najera and Christian Laettner to Golden State and send centers Erick Dampier, Evan Eschmeyer and guard Dan Dickau to Dallas, an NBA source aware of ...
ATHENS - Playing without suspended forward Abby Wambach, the US women #39;s soccer team battled to a mutually beneficial 1-1 draw with Australia last night at Kaftanzoglio Stadium in Thessaloniki. The result was not unexpected, as the ...
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Larry Walker hit a grand slam home run  to key a six-run eighth inning as the Cardinals stayed hot with  a 7-2 win over the Cincinnati Reds in St Louis on Tuesday.
ST. LOUIS (Ticker) -- The Cincinnati Reds continue to find new ways to lose to the St. Louis Cardinals. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Larry Walker hit a grand slam home run to key a six-run eighth inning as the Cardinals stayed hot with a 7-2 win over the Cincinnati Reds in St Louis on Tuesday. 
Vijay Singh, 41, shot a final-round 76 but still won the PGA Championship on Sunday at Whistling Straits in Haven, Wis. 
She was shaking her hips, twirling her hands, letting that high-wattage smile shine and turning the arena into her own little disco. 
ARLINGTON, Texas  Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history  and first in more than 19 years  to hit for the cycle, leading Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians on Tuesday night. 
KANSAS CITY, Missouri (Ticker) -- Ichiro Suzuki and the Seattle Mariners made their first appearance at Kauffman Stadium this season, much to the dismay of the Kansas City Royals . 
 BEIJING (Reuters) - China breathed a measured sigh of  relief after the skills of its basketball giant Yao Ming  dwarfed New Zealand to sweep his team nearer to their goal of  reaching the Athens Olympics semi-finals.
J.T. Snow singled in the winning run in the ninth to lead the Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the Expos on Tuesday night.
Day five of the Games will see 21 golds on offer with Kate Howey and Pippa Funnell aiming for medals.
ATHENS, GREECE - The crowd danced and sang and chanted  quot;Hellas, Hellas, Hellas quot; and a taunting refrain of  quot;Puerto Rico quot; loud enough to stir the ancients or heal Lamar Odom #39;s pained and poisoned stomach. 
Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace Torri Edwards, the USA #39;s suspended world champion, in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races in Athens. 
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- If Ichiro Suzuki keeps hitting at his second-half pace, Seattle Mariners manager Bob Melvin believes there may be a new addition for the dictionary. 
In the first inning last night at Fenway Park, Red Sox stats, schedule leadoff hitter Johnny Damon stats, news jump-started his team #39;s offense by hitting a home run to right field. 
The United States women #39;s soccer team needed only a tie yesterday and that #39;s all it got -- settling for a draw against a team it always had beaten. 
Arlington, TX, Aug. 17 (UPI) -- Mark Teixeira had seven RBI Tuesday to help Scott Erickson earn his first win in over two years as Texas Rangers pounded the Cleveland Indians, 16-4. 
AP - They're the kind of errors only judges see, little things that seem so inconsequential. But those mistakes added up, and they cost the U.S. gymnastics team a gold medal. The Americans settled for silver Tuesday night, done in as much by their own sloppiness as Romania's sheer superiority.
With the PGA Tour #39;s major championships concluded for 2004, we look for other story lines to sustain the golf season. The back nine: ...
Roger Federer gathered his racket bag and trudged off the court, ignoring fans #39; autograph requests as he headed straight for the exit. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters should finally get to put their case on Wednesday in a drugs investigation that has shamed and angered the Olympic host nation. 
The sprinter Torri Edwards of the United States was knocked out of the Olympics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension, saying she should have known tablets provided by her doctor contained ...
Back when he was a shot putter at Dartmouth, he showed up for practice one day just as a freshman girl learning a new rotation let loose with an errant toss that caught Nelson right in the forehead. 
The result, however, was all too familiar as the Reds fell to the Cardinals, 7-2, in the middle tilt of a three-game series at Busch Stadium on Tuesday evening. 
ATHENS - As the final leg of the men #39;s 4 x 200 freestyle relay began last night at the Olympic pool, the United States held a lead of at least 1 1/2 body lengths - which, considering the final 200 meters was being swum by 6-foot-6 Klete ...
AP - Dwain Chambers will be studying pass patterns and playbooks instead of competing against the world's top sprinters in the Olympics this weekend.
Britain's rowers cruise into Saturday's final of the men's coxless four at the Olympics.
ATHENS  US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olympics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension. 
ATHENS, Greece -- It was death by a thousand cuts. If you can describe taking silver instead of gold as  quot;death. quot; ...
ATHENS, Greece  Andy Roddick #39;s biggest obstacle to winning the gold medal was Roger Federer, the world #39;s No. 1 player and winner of two of the past three Grand Slam tournaments. So Tuesday, when Federer uncharacteristically lost the magic ...
ATHENS - US sprinter Torri Edwards was knocked out of the Olym- pics for good yesterday when an arbitration panel upheld her two-year drug suspension, rejecting arguments she took banned stimulants by accident. 
Their supposed new pitching staff ace is on the disabled list and their late-inning bullpen situation has the potential to be a mess, but those problems were easy to ignore Tuesday night, thanks in part to Steve Finley. 
No. 1 seed Andre Agassi overcame a sluggish start to the first set to eventually beat compatriot Paul Goldstein in straight sets at the Legg Mason Classic in Washington. 
Let's say Boston is the sun of the baseball universe, where hope and criticism burn bright, where a city revolves around the game.
As hard as Pedro Martinez went in his previous outing, when he morphed into vintage Pedro and hurled nine shutout innings, the real toll came this week.
J.T. Snow singled in the winning run with one out in the ninth to lead the San Francisco Giants to their sixth straight victory, 5-4, over the visiting Montreal Expos last night.
Larry Walker was 3 for 4 and is 10 for 27 (.370) with 11 RBIs since joining the Cardinals.
A season of extraordinary medical adversity posed yet another series of challenges yesterday for the Red Sox as Kevin Youkilis and David McCarty joined the likes of Trot Nixon , Mark Bellhorn , Pokey Reese , and Ellis Burks on the disabled list.
Mark Teixeira became the second player in Rangers history -- and first in more than 19 years -- to hit for the cycle, leading host Texas to a 16-4 rout of the Cleveland Indians last night.
Michael Jennings was a track star at Florida State who also wanted to play football but wasn't confident enough to forgo a track scholarship and try the sport as a walk-on for  quot;a team that good. quot;
Earthwind Moreland signed with the Patriots Aug. 5, but University of Massachusetts football fans may have heard of him before that. He was a starting cornerback for the Georgia Southern squad that entered the 1998 Division 1-AA national championship game undefeated and then lost to the Minutemen, 55-43.
For Bill Belichick, it isn't a preference. In his mind, turning NCAA defensive ends into NFL linebackers is practically a necessity.
Philadelphia Eagles defensive end N.D. Kalu will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee during yesterday's practice.
Joe Thornton didn't make the score he was looking for yesterday, but the Bruins captain will earn \$6.75 million, the most of any player in the club's history, if the National Hockey League has a full 2004-05 season.
Normally, there are few sure things in golf, but here's something we can be certain of: The lads in today's final pairing at the 84th New England PGA Championship at Brae Burn Country Club will not require introductions.
With some late heroics, Northern New England knocked off undefeated North Shore, 3-2, in the championship game of the Hockey Night in Boston Summer Showcase at Merrimack College last night.
ATHENS -- How many gilded fairy tales do you want? There was the Magnificent 7 in Atlanta in 1996 and the Fantastic 5 in Anaheim last summer. Was anyone really counting on dethroning the Romanians at an ...
ATHENS (CP) - Olympic organizers increased security inside all sports venues Tuesday after a Canadian spectator climbed out of the stands and jumped off one of the boards into the pool. 
ATHENS -- The meltdown continues in the pool for Canada #39;s swimmers. Only this time, it #39;s talk and not just times that are creating heat. Rick Say, who has posted Canada #39;s best individual showing in the pool with a sixth-place finish in the highly ...
Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen was hospitalized last night and might have kidney stones. Guillen, serving the first game of a two-game suspension, left the ballpark about three hours before the game against Detroit and went to a Chicago hospital ...
Oh, those wacky Red Sox. Nothing like a little levity to take the edge off a playoff race. That #39;s why Terry Francona #39;s merry pranksters last night let Manny Ramirez lead the charge out of the dugout in the ...
TOP seed Andre Agassi cruised into the next round of the ATP Legg Mason Tennis Classic in Washington with a 6-4 6-2 win over fellow American Paul Goldstein. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 meters champion Costas  Kenteris, the focus of an Olympic doping scandal, withdrew from  the Athens Games on Wednesday "out of a sense of  responsibility."
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympic 200 metres champion Costas Kenteris and his fellow Greek Olympic silver medallist Katerina Thanou say they are withdrawing from the Athens Games. 
UAE joins Olympics gold medal winners ABU DHABI, 18 Aug. 04 (WAM) -- A UAE paper said today that Sheikh Ahmed bin Hashar Al Maktoum #39;s winning of the gold medal in double trap shooting had taken the UAE to the pinnacle of sporting glory at the Olympics. 
World number one Roger Federer of Switzerland crashed out of the Olympic tennis tournament on Tuesday when he lost to unseeded Tomas Berdych of the Czech Republic. 
ARLINGTON, Texas -- All of a sudden, the Indians #39; prolific offense has been reduced to shambles. And, remember phenom left-hander Cliff Lee, who won 10 games before the All-Star break? He #39;s seemingly forgotten how to pitch. 
A member or members of the USC football team is being investigated for alleged sexual assault, the Los Angeles police department said last night. 
AP - Top Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou withdrew Wednesday from the Athens Games, nearly a week after the duo missed a drug test and were hospitalized after a mysterious motorcycle crash.
AP - Mark Teixeira needed only a single to hit for the cycle, and his Texas Rangers teammates wanted to see him make some baseball history.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Triple Sydney Olympic champion Inge de  Bruijn, who lost her 100 meters butterfly title on Sunday,  posted the fastest heat time as she opened the defense of her  100 freestyle crown on Wednesday.
 MADRID (Reuters) - Leading Spanish cyclist Iban Mayo will  probably miss next month's Tour of Spain because of a suspected  viral infection, his team manager said on Wednesday.
The two Greek sprinters who missed drug tests prior to the start of the Athens Olympics today withdrew from the games. 
ATHENS - Klete Keller says he likes to run with the bulls. Talks a little bull, too. But he doesn #39;t kid around in the water. 
Athens -- Allen Iverson scored 17 points, even with the broken thumb on his shooting hand, as the United States rebounded from a shocking opening-game loss to beat Greece 77-71 at the men #39;s Olympic basketball tournament yesterday. 
You remember, of course, Armenian Prince Varazdates and the spectacle of his boxing triumph. And who can forget Zopyros of Athens, wrestling-boxing his way to the junior pankration crown. 
Major League Baseball #39;s owners will convene in Philadelphia today for two days of meetings that will culminate with a coronation of sorts. 
The United States had lost nine straight Olympic matches, dating to the Atlanta Games in 1996. Clay Stanley made sure it didn't continue.
Gyms worldwide were dark in anticipation of the Olympic gymnastics competition, NBC's Al Trautwig said this week in a dramatic introduction -- and then the cameras pulled back to reveal row after row of empty seats in Athens.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - With no clear-cut favorite, the women's  sprints at the Athens Olympics will be more exciting than they  were four years ago when Marion Jones dominated, according to  Caribbean sprinters Debbie Ferguson and Veronica Campbell.
Michael Phelps showed no signs of either yesterday, swimming to two gold medals in the span of an hour at the Athens Olympic Games. 
OLYMPIA, GREECE -- Great players will walk upon a historic stage today at the Ancient Olympia Stadium. 
Gail Devers and LaShaunte #39;a Moore will replace banned world champion Torri Edwards in the Olympic 100 and 200 metres races. 
WASHINGTON, Aug. 17 (Xinhuanet) -- England coach Sven-Goran Eriksson has urged the international soccer authorities to preserve the health of the world superstar footballers for major tournaments, who expressed his will in Slaley of England on Tuesday ...
The player kicked in the head by Alex Rae believes the five-match ban imposed on the Rangers midfielder was just. 
AP - Larry Walker has learned quickly that St. Louis Cardinals' fans know how to celebrate.
ATHENS - American swimmer Michael Phelps collected two more gold medals Tuesday, but even he knew he wasn #39;t the story of the day from the Summer Olympics in Athens. 
What if the Olympic Games --started here 2,780 years ago, right in this fertile, ancient town in the western Peloponnesus some 200 miles from Athens -- really mean something? ...
More security will be placed around the fields of play at the Olympics after a man who wanted to send  #39; #39;a loving message to his wife #39; #39; jumped into the diving pool, the Athens Organizing Committee said. 
After an hour of interrogation by a three-man IOC disciplinary panel at the Hilton Hotel this morning, Kenteris emerged amid chaotic scenes to declare that in the national interest he would not be defending the 200metres title he won in Sydney four ...
ATHENS, Greece - The night before, Michael Phelps had stood by the pool with a strained smile and a bronze medal, his quest for Olympic immortality dashed, his million-dollar bonus lost, his gold medal count stuck on one. 
ATHENS, Greece  The slogan for these Olympics is,  quot;Welcome Home. quot; But the Games really go home today, when the men #39;s and women #39;s shot put are held in the excavated stadium of ancient Olympia, which started all this madness in 776 BC ...
With less than a month remaining before the current collective bargaining agreement expires, representatives for the NHL and the Players #39; Association met for nearly 4 1/2 hours yesterday without making any progress on a new CBA. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out of the Olympics on Wednesday after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide-and-seek contest with anti-doping enforcers. 
ANCIENT OLYMPIA (Reuters) - American Kristin Heaston launched the shot 16.41 metres to become the first woman to compete at Olympia in the first athletics meeting in the tree-lined grove since the ancient Games were abolished in AD 393. 
ATHENS, Greece - Michael Phelps, seeking his sixth medal of the Athens Olympics, advanced in the 200-meter individual medley Wednesday with a conservative swim. 
According to White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen, umpire Hunter Wendelstedt filed a claim that said Guillen spat on him during an Aug. 9 argument, a big reason Guillen was dealt with so severely by Major League Baseball. 
Two of Greeks most adored athletes have pulled themselves out of their host country #39;s Olympics. Sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou missed an International Olympic Committee mandatory drug test last week. Thanou and Kenteris were then involved ...
ATHENS, Greece -- The American women #39;s gymnasts were in contention for the team gold medal Tuesday night, needing a big finish to beat the Romanians. Courtney Kupets, who had to be replaced on the balance beam because of a pulled hamstring, decided to ...
With 17 days to go before their World Cup qualifying campaign begins, England are back in action with plenty to prove after the disappointment of Euro 2004 elimination. 
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Rebecca Giddens captured the silver medal today in the Women #39;s K1 kayak singles competition at the Summer Olympics in Athens. 
AP - Two U.S. men advanced to the final of the shot put Wednesday, hoping to make even more history at the ancient site that gave birth to the Olympics 2,780 years ago.
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympia, home of the Olympics for more than 12 centuries, hosted a track and field event for the first time in 1,611 years when the shot-putters of the Athens Games arrived at Greece #39;s most sacred sporting site. 
Longtime Warriors center Erick Dampier could be on the verge of finding a new home, 2 1/2 months after becoming a free agent. 
LOS ANGELES (Ticker) -- Wilson Alvarez continues to pitch his best when the Los Angeles Dodgers need it most. 
ATHENS, Greece -- Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out of the Olympics today after inflicting six days of embarrassment on their country over a hide-and-seek contest with anti-doping enforcers. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. swimming team was slow off the  blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by  Tuesday's dramatic relay victory, U.S. women's head coach Mark  Schubert said on Wednesday.
Americans Aquil Abdullah and Henry Nuzum row their double scull furiously down the stretch to cross the line in a dead heat with Norway on Wednesday, winning both teams a spot in a rare seven-boat final.
ATHENS, Greece Aug. 18, 2004  Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou pulled out of the Athens Games on Wednesday, nearly a week after they missed a drug test and were later hospitalized following a suspicious motorcycle crash. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States men #39;s basketball team could breathe a sigh of relief on Wednesday after its first win but lingering concerns over a lack of outside shooting and team defense have coach Larry Brown scrambling for ...
ATHENS, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Dutch legendary cyclist Leontien Zijlaard-van Moorsel won women #39;s road individual time trial at Athens Olympics with a time of 31:11.53 on Wednesday, ahead of Deirdre Demet-Barry of United States and Karin Thuerig of ...
Australia #39;s Olympic 1,500 metres champion Grant Hackett says long-distance swimmers are being robbed of their chance to shine at the Athens Games. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The US swimming team was slow off the blocks but is heading for home at full speed propelled by Tuesday #39;s dramatic relay victory, US women #39;s head coach Mark Schubert said on Wednesday. 
Greek Olympic 200 metre champion Costas Kenteris, the focus of an Olympic doping scandal, has withdrawn from the Athens Games  quot;out of a sense of responsibility quot;. 
ATHENS, Greece  It began with Allen Iverson  The Answer, the captain, the leader of Team USA  forgetting about the fractured bone in his right thumb and courageously hitting the floor against Greece in full regalia. 
THENS - The critical eye, firm hand and warm embrace of Bela Karolyi have molded women #39;s gymnastics for the past three decades, producing the perfection of Romania #39;s Nadia Comaneci in 1976 and the sparkle of America #39;s Mary Lou Retton in ...
Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms reach the final of the badminton mixed doubles.
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic sprint medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou withdrew from the Athens Games, overshadowing the fifth day of competition in which Australian swimmer Ian Thorpe will compete for his third gold. 
ATHENS, Greece -- Things are clearly far from perfect for the US Olympic men #39;s basketball team. But now, perfection isn #39;t important. Victories are. Against anybody. 
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- Looking for answers to an offense that seemed out of synch, the United States finally found them. 
A tutu-clad Canadian who jumped into the Olympic diving pool after a competition was convicted Wednesday of interrupting the games and sentenced to five months in jail. He was released pending an appeal. 
American Kim Rhode rallied in the final rounds to win the gold medal in double trap Wednesday, staking a unique claim as the first and last winner of the Olympic event.
AP - So much has changed in Alex Smith's life the past two years, he's still trying to sort through it all.
The Dutch rider, who was injured in a crash in the women #39;s road race on Saturday and was unable to defend her Olympic title from Sydney, climbed triumphantly to the top of the podium on Wednesday. 
Rafael Benitez #39;s Anfield revolution gathered pace today when the Liverpool manager unveiled one new signing and revealed he was close to completing a deal for another. 
ATHENS  As the delay-plagued build-up to the Olympics illustrated, the Greeks aren #39;t exactly known for organization and punctuality. But now that stadiums, new metro lines, beautified city squares and a vast ...
Jonny Wilkinson #39;s comeback schedule is set to intensify next week with the England World Cup hero targeting two games in six days. 
AMARONECK, NY - Following a opening round 73 Monday, Barden Berry had a rough day, shooting an 83 in the second round of the US Amateur Championships on the West course at Winged Foot Golf Club. 
AP - Pat Williams is a big man with a big heart and appetite. So imagine his dilemma when the Buffalo Bills were back to their bumbling selves at the start of this season.
Forget democracy, sport and Grecian Formula 16. There #39;s so much more we need to steal from the Greeks -- immediately and maybe sooner. Cheese pies, for instance. Our No. 1 priority should be getting these cheese pies. Lovely, flakey pastries with the ...
THE South Africans have called the Wallabies scrum cheats as a fresh round of verbal warfare opened in the Republic last night. 
The 23-year-old midfielder has been all over the back pages this week, following a reported bust-up with Sir Bobby Robson - and one supporter had has enough. 
(Sports Network) - Jose Contreras tries to stay perfect in a Chicago uniform this evening when the White Sox continue their three-game set against the Detroit Tigers at US Cellular Field. 
_ Illinois confirmed Tuesday it is turning to Ron Zook to reinvigorate its struggling football program. The school scheduled an afternoon news conference to introduce the former Florida 
The Zeeland native made the final ballot of 25 players to be considered by the Veterans Committee. The results will be announced March 2. Kaat, who could not be reached for comment, won 283 
Dozens, perhaps hundreds, of major league baseball players have taken steroids in the last few years. Yet no player has ever been suspended for steroid use.
ATHENS All of Greece expected to see Costas Kenteris crowning its Games with a laurel wreath on his brow, his barrel chest swelling in his blue and white athletic singlet, atop the podium in the Olympic Stadium after successfully defending his 200- meter ...
The men #39;s single slalom canoe race ended with balled fists and shouts of joy for Stefan Pfannmller. But for Germany #39;s women, there was nothing to celebrate. 
Vouliagmeni, Greece - Watch Leontien Zijlaard-Van Moorsel, think Hermann Maier. Awful crash, unlikely fightback, gold within days. Instant Olympic lore. 
ATHENS, Greece - The United States took gold and bronze in the men #39;s Olympic cycling individual time trial on Wednesday with Tyler Hamilton topping the podium and his team Bobby Julich finishing third. 
US News, NEW YORK - A teenager from New York state, who just became the youngest US national chess champion since Bobby Fischer in 1958, says he is more sane than his troubled predecessor.
Indianapolis, IN (Sports Network) - Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
NEW YORK (Ticker) - With the dark cloud of steroids continuing to hover over baseball, it appears a tougher drug-testing policy may be in effect by spring training.
ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States proved there is more to their cycling team than Lance Armstrong by taking gold and bronze in the men #39;s Olympic individual time trial at the Athens Games Wednesday. 
Mike Tyson is beginning to train for a fight in March, his first since being knocked out by Danny Williams in July.
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Yuriy Bilonog won the gold medal in the men #39;s shot put at Olympia, the home of the ancient Games, by virtue of his second-best effort after his last throw matched the leading mark set by US athlete Adam Nelson. 
LISBON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Portugal captain Luis Figo said on Wednesday he was taking a break from international soccer, although he would not confirm if the decision was final. 
Christmas on the island of Sicily, New Year #39;s eve at the bay of Naples. Italy mapped out Tuesday a two-month-long journey for the 2006 Winter Olympics torch, which will cross 
VOULIAGMENI Tyler Hamilton of the United States won the men #39;s time trial gold medal Wednesday, beating defending champion Viatcheslav Ekimov of Russia and another American, Bobby Julich. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - A Canadian man advertising an online gaming site, who broke security and jumped into the Olympic diving pool, has been given a five-month prison term for trespassing and disturbing public order, court officials say. 
MADRID, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Portugal captain Luis Figo said on Wednesday he was taking an indefinite break from international football, but would not confirm whether his decision was final. 
AMSTERDAM, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Midfielder Edgar Davids #39;s leadership qualities and never-say-die attitude have earned him the captaincy of the Netherlands under new coach Marco van Basten. 
US medal favorites John Godina and Reese Hoffa were eliminated from the shot put competition, ending hopes of an American sweep. 
SCHINIAS, Greece (AP)  The early success of the first black Olympic rower on the US men #39;s team and his Navy officer partner was supposed to end Wednesday. 
WHITE PLAINS, NY -- Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as US Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the team.
Oxford regained the MMC Trophy with a hard-fought 18-11 win over Cambridge in the Varsity match at Twickenham. Jon Fennell kicked Oxford into an early lead, but a well-worked try from Fergie Gladstone saw Cambridge hit back.
Winter meetings kick off on Friday in Anaheim. BALCO aside, it #39;s been a quiet baseball offseason, but that #39;s about to change.
ATHENS (CP) - The Canadian who embarrassed Olympic officials by jumping into a Games swimming pool during a diving competition wearing a skirt and advertising an on-line casino has paid the price for his 15 minutes of fame. 
LONDON, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display at this week #39;s WGC-NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio after the disappointment of tying for fourth at the US PGA Championship on Sunday. 
Ross Lavery scored a try two minutes from the end as Oxford University defeated Cambridge 18-11 at Twickenham on Tuesday in another tight finish to the annual University rugby match.
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Olympic medalists Kostas Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou quit the Athens Games, overshadowing the start of track and field events on the fifth day of competition. Venus Williams and Andy Roddick were eliminated from the tennis. 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - American tennis sensation Andy Roddick #39;s Olympic dreams are over after a straight set loss to No. 16 Fernando Gonzalez of Chile in third-round action Wednesday. 
New York Yankees: First baseman Jason Giambi continued his upper body workout and ran in an indoor pool Wednesday, one day after mildly straining his groin. 
ATHENS : Title-holder Venus Williams of the United States crashed out of the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis tournament here losing a third round tie 6-4, 6-4 to France #39;s Mary Pierce. 
yler Hamilton and Bobby Julich showed that there is some depth to American cycling, winning the gold and bronze medals today in the men #39;s individual time trial at the Olympics in Athens. 
Kosuke Kitajima won the men #39;s 200 metres breast stroke final at the Athens Olympics early this morning, but Australia #39;s Jim Piper was disqualified. 
Baseball players and owners have made progress toward toughening rules on steroid testing, but there is still plenty of work to be done.
 ROME (Reuters) - Christmas on the island of Sicily, New  Year's eve at the bay of Naples.
Competing under a flawless blue sky in the tree-lined grove devoted to Zeus, the European gold medallist equaled American champion Adam Nelson #39;s opening mark of 2.16 to capture his first major title on a countback. 
Kosuke Kitajima won the men #39;s 200 metres breaststroke final at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday to collect his second gold medal in four days. 
Just last month USC basketball coach Henry Bibby said he was enjoying his job more than ever and getting ready for what he hoped would be a good season.
Indianapolis, IN -- Indiana Pacers center Jeff Foster was activated from the injured list Tuesday. He had missed the first 17 games of the season after undergoing hip surgery in October.
AP - Same starting lineup, same subs, same tactics. The U.S. basketball team may be an unimpressive 1-1 in the Olympic tournament, but coach Larry Brown won't do any tinkering for Thursday's game against Australia.
AP - What a way to test a rookie quarterback: Give him his first NFL start against the defending NFC champions and their vaunted defense.
AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
AP - The Cleveland Indians called up right-hander Fernando Cabrera from Triple-A Buffalo on Wednesday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm (U.S.) won the men's  gymnastics individual all-around gold medal at the Olympics on  Wednesday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States proved there is more  to U.S. cycling than Lance Armstrong on Wednesday and Leontien  Zijlaard-van Moorsel of the Netherlands became the most  successful woman in Olympic cycling history.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States broke swimming's  oldest world record to win the women's 4x200 meter freestyle  relay Olympic gold medal Wednesday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Australia's Jodie Henry armed herself  with a world record while Michael Phelps targeted his fourth  Olympic gold medal backed by a Games record in qualifying for  Thursday's finals.
Paul Hamm of the United States won the gold medal Wednesday in all-around gymnastics.
Linebacker Ahmad Brooks missed his second practice after getting into an argument with Cavs Coach Al Groh during Monday's session.
With one last attempt to win gold, Adam Nelson is called for his fifth consecutive foul, leaving him with a silver medal Wednesday.
Give the International Olympic Committee credit. By virture of simply being in the room when the bullet slipped into the chamber, by holding the disciplinary hearing at which, on Wednesday, Greek sprinters Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou completed ...
Athens, Greece, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- Americans Andy Roddick and Venus Williams were shockingly eliminated in the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament Wednesday. 
Today, there can be no argument. Attach an asterisk, because in this case the numbers lie. Vijay Singh trails by .1 in the Official World Golf Ranking system, but if you polled the players and the media, Vijay is The Man. Officially he ...
ATHENS (Reuters) Britain #39;s Leslie Law has won silver in the equestrian three-day event individual behind Bettina Hoy of Germany. 
ATHENS --After winning world titles in both breaststroke events last summer while setting world records in each, Japan #39;s Kosuke Kitajima sat helplessly from across the Pacific last month as American Brendan Hansen broke ...
Beckham turned provided 10 minutes before the break after Gerrard had been felled as he surged forward, curling a free-kick to the far post where Neville rose to power a header straight at Shovkovsky. 
AP - After falling onto the edge of the judges' table on the landing of his vault, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title by the closest Olympic margin ever.
AP - The judge in the Kobe Bryant sexual assault case has loosened a sweeping gag order after objections from prosecutors, news organizations and attorneys for the accuser.
AP - Keith Bulluck knows his answer to the question of how much is enough. Coming off his first Pro Bowl and All-Pro season, the Tennessee linebacker could have played out the final year of his contract then become a free agent in search of more money. Instead, he signed a six-year,  #36;36 million contract in March and remained a Titan.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm became the first American man  to claim the Olympic gymnastics men's all-round gold medal on  Wednesday.
ATHENS -- The final curtain fell Wednesday on a week-long drama that has riveted this nation when Greece #39;s two top sprinters, swept up in a suspected doping scandal, withdrew from the Summer Olympics and competitions that might have ...
ATHENS : Kosuke Kitajima completed a sweep of Olympic breaststroke gold on Wednesday, capturing the 200m title in a Games record ahead of Hungarian teenager Daniel Gyurta. 
AP - Idled by a stalemate in contract negotiations, Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye can only wonder where he'll be come September.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Portugal were bundled out of the men's  soccer tournament at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday after a  humiliating 4-2 defeat by Costa Rica.
Maybe all that talk from Andy Roddick and Venus Williams about taking the Olympics as seriously as a Grand Slam was just that: talk. 
ATHENS, Greece -- Paul Hamm overcame a fall on the vault to become the first American to win an Olympics men #39;s all-round gymnastics gold medal. 
Australia #39;s dreams of an historic fourth successive three-day eventing gold medal ended in disappointment but there was still joy for the team when Andrew Hoy #39;s wife won dual gold medals. 
AP - Colorado wide receiver Jeremy Bloom decided Wednesday to keep fighting the NCAA for the right to accept commercial ski endorsements while playing college football.
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Paul Hamm out-scored South Korean Kim Dae Eun in the final exercise to become the first US gymnast to win the all-round men #39;s title at an Olympic Games. 
OLYMPIA  Amid the olive trees and just past the ancient ruins, on a hillside bathed in an unrelenting Mediterranean sun, 15,000 spectators from around the world converged on this little town to watch 12 men and 12 women compete in the shot put at the ...
A total of 21 gold medals will be awarded on Wednesday at the Athens Olympics. Day five medals already awarded include archery, boating and shooting events, as well as judo, cycling, and weightlifting. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the  record books as he became the first American man to win the  Olympic gymnastics all-round crown Wednesday.
AP - Tiger Woods already lost out on the majors. Next up could be his No. 1 ranking.
ATHENS, Greece - Tyler Hamilton #39;s greatest ride capped the finest Olympic day for US cycling, which won three of the six medals awarded in Wednesday #39;s road time trials - surpassing its two total road medals won since the 1984 Games in Los ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - Paul Hamm etched his name into the record books as he became the first American man to win the Olympic gymnastics all-round crown Wednesday. 
Nicole Cooke could ride in four or more Olympics but the pain of her first will always be with her. After finishing just outside the medal placings in Sunday #39;s road race, the Welsh cyclist put herself through another half-hour of sun-baked agony in the ...
The United States has shattered a 17-year-old world record in the women #39;s Olympic 800-meter freestyle relay. 
Wanted man Andy Reid did his market value no harm by grabbing his first Republic of Ireland goal against Bulgaria at Lansdowne Road tonight. 
VIENNA, Austria -- Kevin Kuranyi scored a hat-trick as Germany began life under new coach Juergen Klinsmann with a 3-1 win in a friendly against Austria. 
GLASGOW, Scotland (AP) - Szabolcs Huszti scored two goals as Hungary defeated Scotland 3-0 on Wednesday in an international friendly. 
AP - Earl Snyder grew up rooting for Red Sox outfielder Ellis Burks. Now he's sitting next to him.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Major League Baseball players and owners are currently meeting to hammer out a deal that would toughen rules on steroid testing in baseball.
David Beckham admitted England needed to prove a point by beating Ukraine in Wednesday night #39;s friendly at St James #39; Park. 
David Marshall  The Celtic goalkeeper continued his rapid rise to fame with his first international start. Blameless at the penalty and was given no chance with Hustzi #39;s stunning second. Unlucky to have Pressley #39;s attempted clearance cannon off him ...
PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s frustrating season officially came to an end Wednesday when the Houston Astros announced that the left-hander will undergo surgery to repair the torn flexor tendon in his left elbow. 
AP - Looking to rebound after poor showings in Euro 2004, England and Germany won tuneup games Wednesday in preparation for qualifiers for the 2006 World Cup.
AP - Miami Dolphins receiver David Boston pleaded innocent Tuesday to charges of assaulting a ticket agent at the Burlington International Airport in October.
The Orioles learn Wednesday that outfielder Jerry Hairston will be lost for the season with a broken left ankle.  Hairston was injured crashing into the outfield wall Tuesday night.
ATHENS (Reuters) - A roaring crowd helped inspire Greece #39;s top women #39;s beach volleyball team to trounce China on Wednesday and reach the next round. 
MAMARONECK, NY - Baylor senior Ryan Baca (Richmond, Texas) finished tied for 128th with a 36-hole total of 155 at the 104th US Amateur golf championship at the 7,266-yard, par-70 Winged Foot Golf Club West Course Tuesday. 
ATHENS, Greece, Aug. 18 (UPI) -- Paul Hamm produced an amazing comeback Wednesday night to become the first American male to win the Olympic gymnastics all-around gold medal. 
The occasion was clearly too much for Kristin Heaton, the first athlete for 1,611 years to compete at the original Olympic Games venue of Olympia. The American opened the women #39;s shot put competition yesterday, but could not ...
Aug. 18 (Bloomberg) -- Shaun Wright-Phillips scored in his international debut as England beat Ukraine 3-0 in a warm-up for soccer World Cup qualifying, while Italy lost 2-0 to Iceland. 
For eight years Alison Williamson has been all too aware that the only time she imposed herself on the national consciousness was when she posed nude for a glossy magazine. As of yesterday, she will be remembered as an Olympic bronze ...
AP - Ten days after getting run out of Oakland, Bill Callahan walked into Lincoln and took over one of the nation's most high-profile college football programs. Time will tell whether it's a soft landing for the man who two years ago led the Raiders to the Super Bowl.
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Aug 18 (Reuters) - Ronaldinho scored a hat-trick as world champions Brazil cantered to a 6-0 win over Haiti in a friendly dubbed the Peace Match on Wednesday. 
AP - Arizona Cardinals defensive tackle Kenny King needs surgery on his right wrist and probably will miss the season, the latest hit to a team struggling with injuries.
AP - The Toronto Raptors signed free agent center Loren Woods on Wednesday.
AP - Heavy rains washed out Wednesday night's game between the New York Mets and the Colorado Rockies before it ever started.
A fall on his vault landing sent Hamm stumbling into the judges #39; table and all the way down to 12th place in the all-around gymnastics final. 
Team GB will be hoping for more of the same at the Olympics today after finally delivering on the big stage with a four-medal haul. 
Athens, Aug 19. (PTI):Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi overcame an injury scare and world number one singles #39; player Roger Federer of Switzerland to advance to the quarterfinals of the men #39;s doubles tennis event at the Olympic Games here on Wednesday. 
AP - With his medal hopes all but gone after he hit the judges' table on his vault landing, Paul Hamm performed two of the most spectacular routines of his career to win the men's all-around gymnastics title by the closest Olympics margin ever.
Second-ranked Andy Roddick overplayed this summer and hasn #39;t scored a big win since March and for the first time since she became a legitimate pro, four-time Grand Slam champion Venus Williams has become vulnerable to anyone inside of the top 40. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The last long-course world swimming record held by now discredited Communist East Germany was finally consigned to history by an American quartet at the Olympics on Wednesday. 
ommissioner Bud Selig #39;s three-year contract extension, the start of a television network and a World Cup tournament are likely to gain overwhelming approval from baseball #39;s owners this week, while a decision on the future home of ...
Montreal Expos ended the San Francisco Giants #39; six-game winning streak with a 6-2 victory on Wednesday. 
The Greek sprinters Kostantinos Kenteris and Ekaterini Thanou  facing sanctions after missing drugs tests  quit the Games yesterday to avoid the humiliation of being thrown out by the IOC. 
NEWCASTLE, ENGLAND - England deservedly beat Ukraine 3-0 today in their only soccer  quot;friendly quot; before the start of their 2006 World Cup qualifying programme next month. 
ATHENS (Kyodo) Masae Ueno captured the women #39;s 70-kg gold medal, but Hiroshi Izumi had to settle for silver in the men #39;s 90-kg in the judo competition at the Athens Olympics on Wednesday. 
The English writer George Orwell once expressed doubts about the wisdom of sports contests as a way of bringing nations together. He was writing during the Cold War when the sports arena became a substitute battlefield between the West and East. 
Sir Clive Woodward yesterday joined the chorus of acclaim that greeted Jonny Wilkinson #39;s return to action on Tuesday night after eight months on the sidelines with a neck injury. 
ENGLAND captain Michael Vaughan said today that he expects an evenly matched series with South Africa but suggests his bowlers hold the key.
The final curtain yesterday came down on the Greek tragedy which has overshadowed the first week of the Athens Olympics when the sprinters Kostas Kederis and Ekaterini Thanou withdrew from the games. 
PHILADELPHIA -- Andy Pettitte #39;s first year as a non-Yankee ended yesterday in appropriately depressing fashion: His team was here at Citizens Bank Park, and he was back home in Houston, preparing for season-ending surgery. 
MAMARONECK, NY (CP) - NCAA champion Ryan Moore and Canadian James Allenby were among 32 golfers who advanced with match-play victories Wednesday at the US Amateur. 
Inspired by the magnificent surroundings of the Panathinaiko stadium and assisted by a gust of wind and a police siren, the British archer Alison Williamson ended her 12-year quest for an Olympic medal at the fourth attempt when she won bronze in the ...
Masae Ueno will certainly have a tale to tell when she gets back to her Tokyo office. Ueno joined the parade of Japanese Olympic judo champions, winning the women #39;s 70-kilogram gold medal Wednesday. 
PHILADELPHIA -- Considering the number of times Andy Pettitte and Roger Clemens were mentioned in the same breath this year, perhaps it #39;s only fitting they should both make headlines with their respective injuries on the same ...
The optimism felt by Jonny Wilkinson following his successful comeback for Newcastle in Galway this week was echoed yesterday by a buoyant Sir Clive Woodward, who can now look forward to welcoming his prize asset back into the England fold next month. 
LIVERPOOL unveiled new signing Antonio Nunez yesterday - but just a few hours later he was lying in agony on the treatment table. The Spaniard - who joined from Real Madrid as part of the deal that saw Michael Owen head in the opposite ...
AP - Tim Wakefield pitched eight strong innings and the Boston Red Sox moved a season-high 15 games over .500 with a 6-4 win over the Toronto Blue Jays on Wednesday night.
AP - Barry Bonds homered for the third time in two days to help lead the San Francisco Giants to a 14-4 rout of the Montreal Expos in the second game of a doubleheader after losing the opener Wednesday.
With spectacular performances on his final two events, American Paul Hamm pulled out one of the biggest comebacks in Olympic gymnastic history.
A penchant for making big plays and the recent release of Ifeanyi Ohalete has ripped open the door for rookie Sean Taylor to claim a starting spot.
Cardinals defensive tackle Kenny King will miss the season after undergoing surgery to repair tendons in his wrist on Wednesday.
These Dream Team impostors are jeered in Athens bars by Americans, booed in the arena by Greeks and the rest of the world, despised back home by people fed up watching their selfish ways on TV. 
Two-time defending champion Masae Ueno earned Japan #39;s fifth gold medal in 10 judo events on Wednesday, extending her three-year undefeated streak in major international competition with an Olympic victory. 
KANSAS CITY -- Ichiro Suzuki, the hottest hitter in the Major Leagues since the All-Star break, was hit in the head by a pitch in the third inning Wednesday night and was removed from the Mariners game against the Royals. 
AP - John Buck hit a go-ahead two-run homer in the eighth inning to lead the Kansas City Royals to a 3-2 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Wednesday night.
While Deion Sanders's return appears more and more imminent, the major remaining question is when the former star will join the Baltimore Ravens.
AP - Earl Snyder grew up rooting for Red Sox outfielder Ellis Burks. Now he's sitting next to him.
AP - Brian Ching and Cobi Jones, a pair of substitutes, saved the United States against Jamaica on Wednesday night.
AP - Erubiel Durazo hit three homers and drove in all five of Oakland's runs, and Mark Mulder became the majors' first 16-game winner by pitching the Athletics to a 5-4 victory over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night.
TONY EASTLEY: Ian Thorpe now has the full set of Olympic medals, winning bronze after coming surprisingly close in trying to win the Games treble  that is the 100, 200 and 400 metres freestyle events. In winning bronze in the 100 metres final, Thorpe ...
THENS, Aug. 18 - After a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought his night was over. 
ATHENS, Greece  Brendan Hansen is the swimmer who caught a wave and then lost it. He owns two world records and zero gold medals. 
AP - Aaron Rowand homered twice  #151; including his first career grand slam  #151; and Jose Contreras won his third straight decision for Chicago in the White Sox's 9-2 victory over the Detroit Tigers on Wednesday night.
Although the visitors did not get a victory, the United States is still in a good position after what figured to be the most threatening game of the regional semifinal round.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Houston starting pitcher  Roger Clemens left Wednesday's 9-8 win over Philadelphia with a  strained right calf.
BEIJING, Aug.19 (Xinhuanet) -- Michael Phelps has taken his haul of gold medals at the Athens Olympics to three after winning the 200 meters butterfly and helping the United States beat Australia in the 4x200 freestyle relay, Shenzhen Daily reported ...
AP - Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros' 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn't considered serious.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Houston starting pitcher  Roger Clemens left Wednesday's 9-8 win over Philadelphia with a  strained right calf.
ATHENS (Reuters) - After playing second fiddle at the last two World Championships, Georgia #39;s Zurab Zviadauri finally shook off his choker tag. 
PORT-AU-PRINCE, Haiti, Aug. 18 -- So far this year, Haiti has endured an armed insurrection that killed 300 people and toppled a president, and floods that wiped out entire villages, with no relief from the grinding misery that comes ...
Roger Clemens strained his right calf in the Houston Astros #39; 9-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Wednesday night, but the injury isn #39;t considered serious. 
AP - Psychological testing shows that the former Baylor University basketball player accused of gunning down one of his teammates is not competent to stand trial, his attorneys said Wednesday.
Kyle Martino's goal two minutes into injury time gives Columbus a narrow 2-1 victory over Kansas City on Wednesday night.
Cyril Saulnier's 6-3, 7-6 victory over Gilles Elseneer on Wednesday continues a recent trend of superb play for the 29-year-old Frenchman.
The first Olympic Games were dedicated to the Olympian gods and were staged on the ancient plains of Olympia, famous for its magnificent temples of the gods Zeus and Hera. Take the Rediff Business Quiz and find out what role the corporates play in the ...
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johan Santana pitched seven strong  innings to win his fifth straight start and Shannon Stewart  homered, had three hits and two RBI to lead the Minnesota Twins  to a 7-2 home win over the New York Yankees.
On a night when Johan Santana was superb for the Twins, Mike Mussina was inconsistent in his first start since July 6.
Day six of the Olympics will see Great Britain's Nathan Robertson and Gail Emms go for gold in badminton.
Reuters - Barry Bonds hit his third home\run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split\of their doubleheader with a 14-4 win over the Montreal Expos\on Wednesday.
 SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Barry Bonds hit his third home  run in two days to help the San Francisco Giants earn a split  of their doubleheader with a 14-4 win over the Montreal Expos  on Wednesday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Billie Jean King cut her final tie  with the U.S. Fed Cup team Tuesday when she retired as coach.
ATHENS, Greece If Mark Spitz had never lived, Michael Phelps would have done well to create him as a fictional character. 
One thing that the Olympics have always provided is that hardy perennial known as the  quot;feel-good story. quot; The sort of story in which, against all odds--and with undeniable drama--the farm boy from Iowa who grew up with rickets in one leg ...
PHILADELPHIA (AP) - Roger Clemens helped himself at the plate, hurt his leg running the bases and spent the rest of the night watching his teammates pull out an important win. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Johan Santana pitched seven strong innings to win his fifth straight start and Shannon Stewart homered, had three hits and two RBI to lead the Minnesota Twins to a 7-2 home win over the New York Yankees. 
Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Swimmer Michael Phelps seeks his fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics in tonight #39;s 200-meter individual medley, while female gymnasts compete for the all- around title. 
OLYMPIA, Greece  The competition was history. The time had come for everyone to leave, to follow the sun toward that narrow path lined with olive trees out of the stadium, a trek that would take athletes and spectators alike not to a ...
ATHENS, Greece -- The world record was like graffiti on a masterpiece, a reminder of a sport #39;s dark past. 
ATHENS -- Two of Greece #39;s most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the Olympic Games rather than face a panel charged with looking into a ...
OLYMPIA, Greece -- US shot-putter Adam Nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold medal. 
ATHENS -- He was dead and buried 6 feet under the landing mat, and he knew it.  quot;That #39;s it, I #39;m done, quot; Paul Hamm told himself last night, after he #39;d tumbled from first to 12th with a slip of a foot on the ...
KINGSTON, Jamaica -- Without one World Cup qualifier under his belt and only a pair of appearances for the US National Team to speak of, there stood Brian Ching at midfield waiting to enter the match with his team down 1-0 to Jamaica. 
The movie pitches, Letterman -- no, Leno -- the unending media requests, the book deals, surely the line is forming on the right for Paul Hamm. 
OLYMPIA, GREECE - It was a day when the actors took a back seat to the scenery, when the question of who won and who took part was not as significant as where they competed. 
PORT-AU-PRINCE, HAITI - Brazil routed a weak Haitian team 6-0 Wednesday in an exhibition game aimed at promoting peace in the Caribbean country. 
Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou's missed drugs tests will be investigated by the IAAF.
AKRON, Ohio  Vijay Singh can make official this week what most already believe: That he, not Tiger Woods, is the world #39;s No. 1 player. 
AP - Andruw Jones hit a two-run homer off Trevor Hoffman in the ninth inning and the Atlanta Braves threw out the potential tying run at the plate for the final out Wednesday night, preserving a 6-5 come-from-behind win over the San Diego Padres.
ATHENS, GREECE -- Perhaps attempting to save their country further embarrassment and fearful of an impending ruling from the International Olympic Committee, two Greek sprinters abruptly withdrew from the Olympic Games on Wednesday. 
KINGSTON, Jamaica -- An entire nation was a minute plus injury-time away from a massive party here Wednesday night. But when Brian Ching struck for his first international goal, Jamaica #39;s yellow-clad fanatics had to settle for the same old, same old ...
SILVER FOR SA: Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands, centre, the gold medallist, with South Africa #39;s Roland Schoeman, silver, left, and Australia #39;s Ian Thorpe, who took the bronze, during the medal ceremony for the 100-metre freestyle at the ...
Paul Hamm of the USA celebrates with his coach after scoring a 9.837 in the horizontal bar to claim victory in the men #39;s artistic gymnastics individual competition on August 18, 2004, during the Athens 2004 Summer Olympic Games at the Olympic Sports ...
Seventh-seeded Cyril Saulnier advanced to his sixth ATP quarterfinal this season with a 6-3, 7-6 (7-2) victory yesterday over Gilles Elseneer in the Legg Mason Tennis Classic at the William HG FitzGerald Tennis Center. 
Having captured the PGA Championship for his fifth victory of the season, Vijay Singh believes he has wrapped up player of the year awards barring an exceptional finish. 
AP - Atlanta at Los Angeles (10:10 p.m. EDT). The National League division leaders meet in the opener of a four-game series.
He was dead and buried 6 feet under the landing mat, and he knew it.  quot;That's it, I'm done, quot; Paul Hamm told himself last night, after he'd tumbled from first to 12th with a slip of a foot on the vault.
Pinch-hitter Lenny Harris delivered a three-run double off Eric Gagne with two outs in the ninth, rallying the Florida Marlins past the Dodgers, 6-4, last night in Los Angeles.
With each passing day, with each frozen rope he's been lacing, Kevin Millar has been sending a clear message to American League managers: Go ahead and walk David Ortiz. You'll be sorry.
The jarring image of a brooding David Ortiz angrily snapping his maple bat over his knee?
 It's a pitch she's been waiting 32 years to make. So when Maria Pepe, a skinny, stony-hearted, 44-year-old New Jersey hospital administrator winds up on the mound tomorrow to throw out the first pitch at the Little League World Series in Williamsport, Pa., the healing will be complete for an 11-year-old girl done wrong by Little League ...
Larry Bowa's time as Philadelphia Phillies' manager could be running out. General manager Ed Wade declined to give Bowa an endorsement before last night's game against the Houston Astros, saying only,  quot;He's the manager. quot; Told that comment can be interpreted many ways, Wade replied:  quot;Interpret it any way you want. quot; The fiery Bowa has come under scrutiny because the injury-plagued ...
The Red Sox may get some urgent relief from their injury crisis as early as tomorrow with the return of Mark Bellhorn . The second baseman, whose left thumb was fractured Aug. 1 by a 94-mile-an-hour fastball from Minnesota closer Joe Nathan , recovered faster than expected and reported to Triple A Pawtucket last night for a rehabilitation assignment.
Tom Brady delivered the signature play of the Patriots' first exhibition game. He dropped back, scrambled to his left, and with Eagles defender N.D. Kalu tugging at his jersey, whipped a spinning first down pass to David Patten .
The Baltimore Ravens are excited about the prospect of having Deion Sanders come out of retirement and be a part of their defensive backfield. The question now is: Will he take them up on their offer?
Boston College cleared a major legal hurdle in its bid to join the Atlantic Coast Conference yesterday when a Massachusetts Superior Court judge issued summary judgment in favor of the school's attempt to depart the Big East next July under the old provisions of the conference's constitution.
In a world where enticements and incentives are abundant, it was stunning to hear players at the PGA Championship talk about the latest perk that took them by surprise. How about six free first-class, round-trip tickets to Ireland?
Swirling winds and 252 yards of a confounding downhill shot created quite a backup at Brae Burn Country Club's par-3 17th hole yesterday, player after player having to pursue shots that were blown off line. But when he got to the tee, Ron Philo Jr. wasn't about to complain about the delay.
The Massachusetts golf community took a hit last week, losing two distinguished personalities. Ted Carangelo and Ted Kenerson were men of great spirit, devoted to their families, to their businesses, to their golf clubs, and most definitely to the integrity of the game.
Frank Vana Jr. is the lone remaining Massachusetts entry in the US Amateur Championship after three days of play at a demanding Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, N.Y.
WORLD GOLF CHAMPIONSHIPS Event: NEC Invitational Site: Firestone Country Club, South Course (7,230 yards, par 70), Akron, Ohio. Schedule: Today-Sunday. Purse: \$7 million. Winner's share: \$1.2 million. Television: ESPN (today-tomorrow, 3-7 p.m.) and Channel 4 (Saturday, 2-6 p.m.; Sunday, 2:30-6:30 p.m.). Last year: Darren Clarke won his second WGC title, beating Jonathan Kaye by four strokes. Last week: Vijay Singh ...
(Sports Network) - The New Jersey Nets try for their third consecutive win this evening when they head to Cleveland to face LeBron James and the Cavaliers at Gund Arena.
AP - Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit more special than most. Harris pushed his major league record for pinch hits to 190 Wednesday night, lining a bases-clearing double into right-center with two outs in the ninth to rally the Florida Marlins past the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-4.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic 100 meters freestyle champion  Pieter van den Hoogenband and world champion Alexander Popov  were both eliminated in the heats of the men's 50 meters  freestyle in a major shock in the Olympic swimming pool on  Thursday.
Because rarely is a rally so improbable, even the man who pulled it off didn #39;t believe he could. On the same day he crash-landed on the vault and dropped to 12th place, Hamm nailed his final two routines Wednesday evening to claim ...
ATHENS, Greece -- A dark cloud over the Games lifted yesterday as Greece #39;s top two sprinters pulled out rather than face expulsion over a missed drug test. 
Lenny Harris has come up with clutch hits throughout his record-breaking career as a pinch hitter. His three-run double off Eric Gagne was a bit more special than most. 
The same day the Houston Astros announced that pitcher Andy Pettitte would have surgery on his troublesome left elbow next week, Roger Clemens left last night #39;s game against the Philadelphia Phillies with a strained right calf. 
ATHENS, Greece -- It was just after 8 am Wednesday, and across the street from the downtown Hilton, hundreds of media waited for the ultimate Greek tragedy to reach its sad conclusion. 
OLYMPIA, Greece - When this whole Olympic thing started, the winner of its single event, a 210-yard sprint, would have his name used to identify the Games rather than the year. For instance, 776 BC was the Coroibos Games because ...
David Beckham and Michael Owen went about making their peace with England #39;s deflated supporters last night with a goal apiece to help launch England to victory against Ukraine. 
AKRON -- As the \$7 million NEC Invitational begins today on Firestone County Club #39;s South Course, there is bad news for the 75 players in the field who aren #39;t Vijay Singh. 
ATHENS - Paul Hamm feared he had blown a shot for a medal when he stumbled at the end of his performance in the vault, his fourth event in the six-event men #39;s individual all-around final. But the freckle-faced gymnast from Wisconsin ...
Tyler Hamilton (United States) is the Olympic time trial champion. The man from Marblehead, who crashed out of the 2004 Tour de France, rode away his disappointment by drawing away from defending champion Vyatcheslav Ekimov (Russia) in ...
AKRON, Ohio - Having closed the gap to a mere one-tenth of a point, Vijay Singh needs only to finish ahead of Tiger Woods at the NEC Invitational, starting today, to end Woods #39; record run as the No. 1-ranked player in the world. 
WASHINGTON - It #39;s night, under the lights at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic, and No. 2 seed Lleyton Hewitt is still wearing his white cap backward, the bill of it running down the back of his sweating neck. 
Shaun Wright-Phillips has set his sights on being picked for England #39;s World Cup qualifiers after scoring on a scintillating debut for his country. 
For the bulk of the 89 minutes that the US National Team went without a goal against an inspired Jamaican side, chances were created -- some of the golden opportunity nature -- but none were converted. And it nearly put the Americans behind the proverbial ...
Rebecca Giddens made a final charge that nearly landed her a gold medal, but in the end the American settled for silver in yesterday's kayaking single slalom.
Jason Estrada had the perfect opponent last night. An inexperienced one. The Pan Am Games gold medalist had not fought in two months because of a thumb injury and a case of plantar fasciitis that curtailed both his training and his aerobic workouts, and that layoff had his coaches concerned. Unable to run until recently, the Providence, R.I., ...
Two of Greece's most famous athletes and their coach made their first public appearance here yesterday only to withdraw from the Olympic Games rather than face a panel charged with looking into a possible doping violation.
Kim Rhode earned the United States a gold medal in double trap shooting yesterday, staking a unique claim as the first and last winner of the Olympic event.
BASEBALL Arizona (NL): Placed C Koyie Hill on the 15-day DL; purchased contract of C Chris Snyder from El Paso (Texas League). Baltimore (AL): Placed OF Larry Bigbie and 2B-OF Jerry Hairston on the 15-day DL; recalled OF Darnell McDonald from Ottawa (IL); purchased contract of OF Val Majewski from Bowie (EL). Houston (NL): Placed P Andy Pettitte on the ...
US shot-putter Adam Nelson stood outside the throwing circle, his hands on the back of his head, his hopes just dashed by a foul on a throw that would have won the gold medal.
By just two ticks of the clock yesterday morning, the US rowing team squeezed two entries into this weekend's Olympic finals on an otherwise empty day.
In an early morning match before a handful of fans, the US women's volleyball team, ranked first in the world, lost to the Dominican Republic, 26-24, 22-25, 27-25, 23-25, 19-17. The US had not lost to the Dominicans, ranked 13th, since 1999 and did not try to dress up one of the biggest upsets of the Games, a loss arguably ...
ATHENS - They weren #39;t our own tarnished heroes this time, they were bad actors in an overwritten Greek tragedy. But outside the Athens Hilton yesterday morning off the downtown boulevard called Vasillias Sofia, the scene was all too familiar. So were the ...
He was leading a procession of Olympic shot-putters, thick-bodied, thick-necked men who were about to enter a dirt-floored den of antiquity, and be immersed in history that was as palpable as the crumbling columns and fading marble slabs. 
Vouliagmeni, Greece - The second-fastest move Tyler Hamilton made Wednesday was hopping off the gold-medal platform and running - hobbling, really - to his wife, Haven. 
WASHINGTON : Lleyton Hewitt further polished his form on hardcourt with the US Open drawing near, earning a 6-3, 6-2 second-round win against Colombian Alejandro Falla at the 500,000-dollar Washington Open. 
AP - Zina Garrison was given a one-year contract to stay on as U.S. Fed Cup captain, while Billie Jean King retired Tuesday as a coach for the team.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters tested positive for  drugs before the Athens Olympics and were banned from the  Games.
The Belgian press paid tribute to Raymond Goethals on Tuesday, describing him as the magician and looking back on his teams many victories.
British heavyweight hope Danny Williams believes the key to beating WBC champion Vitali Klitschko and becoming the heavyweight champion of the world in Las Vegas on December 11 is his hunger and desire to succeed.
OLYMPIA, GREECE -- Brad Snyder #39;s shot put travelled just more than 19 metres, but the arc of its flight spanned more than 1,600 years. 
ATHENS -- Andy Roddick hit one final errant shot into the net and hung his head, his medal hopes over. A short while later, Venus Williams was gone, too. 
LONDON -- Ernie Els has set his sights on an improved putting display this week at the World Golf Championships #39; NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, after the disappointment of tying for fourth place at the PGA Championship last Sunday. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) has named the five who failed drugs tests before the Athens Olympics. 
ATHENS - With a disastrous landing on the vault that sent him stumbling off the mat and nearly into the judges #39; laps, Paul Hamm thought it was over. 
Greek sprint duo Kostas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou will have to wait until after the Olympic Games to find out their fate following their missed drugs tests, according to athletics chief Arne Ljungqvist. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Doping cast its sleazy shadow over the Olympics again when it was announced on Thursday that five weightlifters had tested positive for performance-enhancing drugs. 
The Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympic Games yesterday were named in an e-mail exchange between Balco Laboratories owner Victor Conte Jr. and a Greek track and field coach, two sources familiar with the case said. 
Great Britain #39;s three-day eventing team have joined forces with France and the USA to challenge the gold medal claims of Germany and Bettina Hoy. 
 Brendan Hansen, United States, swimming  The former UT swimmer goes for the gold in the 200-meter breaststroke. The world-record holder at 100 and 200 meters, Hansen won the silver in the 100 breast on the second day of competition. He says a ...
Levin, the low amateur at the US Open who tied for 13th, registered a 3- and-1 win over Mike Lane of Citrus Heights (Sacramento County). 
AP - American Gary Hall Jr., the defending Olympic champion, and teammate Jason Lezak qualified for the 50-meter freestyle semifinals Thursday, but two of their biggest rivals failed to advance.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps's chances of winning a  record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big  boost on Thursday when U.S. team officials said he might swim  the heats of the 4x100 medley relay.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Olympic champions the Netherlands  snatched another last-minute victory on Thursday in the men's  hockey tournament in Athens and Pakistan stunned Sydney silver  medallists South Korea 3-0 with fast-paced, attacking hockey.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps #39;s chances of winning a record eight medals at the Athens Olympics were given a big boost on Thursday when US team officials said he might swim the heats of the 4x100 medley relay. 
An Indian weightlifter has tested positive for drugs before the start of the Athens Games, the International Olympic Committee has announced. 
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The French Olympic team is to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport to try to win back its three-day event Olympic gold medal in Athens. 
HE #39;S the man seem-ingly no-one in Liverpool knows anything about - and who #39;ll now have to wait a little longer before attempting to endear himself to a curious Anfield crowd. 
KINGSTON, Jamaica (Wednesday, August 18, 2004) -- Brian Ching was not one to waste a second chance. The reserve striker, who earlier missed an opportunity to tie the game with a point-blank header, made no mistake when he drove home a close-in shot in the ...
Two-time US Olympian Tom Dolan, who took back-to-back gold medals in the 400 IM at Atlanta and Sydney, will analyze races for SI.com throughout the Games. 
ATHENS - On a day on which both Greece and the Olympics celebrated themselves by returning the Games to their ancient home in Olympia, two popular Greek athletes withdrew from the track and field competition amid a scandal befitting that ...
A US tennis team expected to collect a gold rush or at least challenge for one, instead got derailed just after coming out of the gate. 
LISBON, Aug. 18 (Xinhuanet) -- Portugal captain Luis Figo said here on Wednesday he was taking a break from international soccer, although he would not confirm if the decision was final. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team were once  again in danger of defeat at the Olympic tournament on  Thursday, trailing Australia 51-47 at the end of the first  half.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters were banned from the  Olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on Thursday,  as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the  Games.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Five weightlifters were banned from the Olympics after failing drugs tests, officials said on Thursday, as doping scandals continued to dominate the first week of the Games. 
LONDON, England (Reuters) -- England lost opener Andrew Strauss as they reached 53 for one at lunch on the first day of the fourth and final test against West Indies at The Oval. 
South Korea took an early lead, so did the Czech Republic. Hey, even New Zealand had the US women #39;s basketball team down for a while. 
AP - Former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe is coming out of retirement after a 17-month prison stint, with a scheduled return to the ring Sept. 25.
AP - The Cavaliers signed Brazilian rookie forward Anderson Varejao to a three-year contract Thursday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard, twice an Olympic silver  medallist back in 1996, finally won individual Olympic gold  when she snatched victory from Australia's Leisel Jones in the  200 meter breaststroke Thursday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The word judo means "Way of Gentleness"  in Japanese.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Conquering man's fastest runners at the  Olympics is not the only sprint show that may await American  Shawn Crawford; his agent is talking about another go at the  animal kingdom.
Won 1999 Tour of Denmark Finished 10th in individual time trial in 2000 Olympics at Sydney
It didn't take long for word of Tyler Hamilton's Olympic gold medal to spread throughout his hometown of Marblehead.
A closer look at the data from Sundays race shows Fernando full deserved his third place at the Hungaroring after a flawless drive.
The Spaniard didnt quite repeat last years achievement, but his Hungarian podium left him satisfied all the same.
Fernando Alonso finished third in the Hungarian Grand Prix, behind two unbeatable Ferraris.
Fernando finishes third in Hungary, and scores the team's sixth podium of the year.
American Aaron Peirsol reclaims the gold medal Thursday night in the 200-meter backstroke after his disqualification was reversed.
Owners vote to extend Bud Selig's term as baseball commissioner for three years through 2009 in a unanimous vote Thursday.
With the expansion of the ACC, the men's basketball schedule will not incorporate the double round robin format in which each school plays every other twice.
Defending Olympic champion Hungary hands the United States its first loss in water polo preliminaries Thursday, beating the Americans 7-5.
Reuters - Owners on Thursday\unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner\Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
AP - They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. And, for the U.S. men's soccer team, that's good  #151; very good.
AP - This is the last season the Sun Belt Conference will be scattered across the country.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Amanda Beard credited her new-found  maturity for ending an eight-year wait for a second Olympic  gold medal in Athens Thursday.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Owners on Thursday  unanimously voted to extend the term of baseball commissioner  Bud Selig for three years through 2009.
 SHAWNEE, Oklahoma (Sports Network) - Former heavyweight  champion Riddick Bowe is eyeing a return to the ring after  hanging up the gloves in 1996.
AP - Martina Navratilova's long, illustrious career will end without an Olympic medal. The 47-year-old Navratilova and Lisa Raymond lost 6-4, 4-6, 6-4 on Thursday night to fifth-seeded Shinobu Asagoe and Ai Sugiyama of Japan in the quarterfinals, one step shy of the medal round.
AP - Pittsburgh right guard Kendall Simmons will miss the season with a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Adrenaline junkie Michael Phelps won his  fourth gold medal of the Athens Olympics Thursday and then  complained he was having trouble sleeping.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the  men's 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday  after winning an appeal against his disqualification then  surviving a protest from the British and Austrian teams.
THENS, Aug. 19  It was nearly 3 am and Paul Hamm was alone on his porch at the Olympic village, sky dark, grounds quiet, gold medal hanging around his neck. 
THENS, Aug. 29  Swimming #39;s technique critic came in for some criticism of his own tonight in the shark tank disguised as the Olympic pool. But all #39;s well that ends well on the medal stand and, despite being disqualified shortly ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - American swimmer Michael Phelps grabbed a fourth gold at the Athens Olympics Thursday with a clear victory in the 200 meters medley and gold for 16-year-old gymnast Carly Patterson leveled the US with China at 14 ...
ATHENS, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Gold medal favourite Carlos Moya joined the exodus of big name tennis players from the Olympics on Thursday, crumbling in the men #39;s quarter-finals against Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu. 
A shot put competition unique in Olympic history -- ancient or modern -- turned into one of the strangest competitions in the Games history Wednesday evening as the sun was setting on the ancient stadium. 
ATHENS, Greece - Costs for the Athens Olympics are climbing again, expected to top \$8.5 billion because of the massive security and overruns in the last-minute scramble to get venues ready. 
VOLOS, Greece At least the Manchester United manager, Alex Ferguson, will be pleased that he has Cristiano Ronaldo back early from the Olympics. If only Ronaldo were happy to see him. 
Team USA third baseman Crystl Bustos has been called the Barry Bonds and Sammy Sosa of softball, but a more apt comparison would be to Freddy and Jason. 
Pieter van den Hoogenband of the Netherlands missed qualifying for the semis in the 50 freestyle this morning, and the world #39;s headline writers heaved a sigh of relief. When the Flying Dutchman was beaten by Australia #39;s Ian Thorpe in the 200 freestyle on ...
A weightlifting drugs scandal and yet another twist to the saga of disgraced Greek sprinter Kostadinos Kenteris dominated the Olympics on Thursday as China extended their lead at the top of the medal table. 
Philadelphia, PA (Sports Network) - The Philadelphia Flyers Thursday agreed to a two-year contract extension with veteran forward Sami Kapanen. Financial terms were not disclosed. 
For three quarters the US Men #39;s Olympic Team (2-1) chased Australia (1-2) and still heading into the final 10 minutes the Americans trailed 67-65. Stepping up its defense, the US reeled off 10 consecutive points to take control of the game and went on to ...
Andre Ward was in the hallway waiting to fight when he got his first glimpse of the fighter standing between him and an Olympic medal. 
AP - Defense attorneys argued that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the NBA star was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret because it is not yet certain they will be used in his trial.
AP - The Atlantic Coast Conference chose Jacksonville on Thursday to host its first two championship games.
AP - Alex Bogomolov Jr., ranked 110th, was among eight young American men given U.S. Open wild cards Thursday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Gold medal favorite Carlos Moya joined  the exodus of big name tennis players from the Olympics on  Thursday, crumbling in the men's quarterfinals against Chile's  Nicolas Massu.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States finally showed signs  of coming together as a team but still needed a late surge to  beat Australia 89-79 in the men's Olympic basketball tournament  Thursday.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Aaron Peirsol was awarded gold in the men #39;s 200 meters backstroke at the Athens Olympics on Thursday after winning an appeal against his disqualification then surviving a protest from the British and Austrian teams. 
Latrobe, PA (Sports Network) - Pittsburgh Steelers starting guard Kendall Simmons is expected to miss the entire 2004 season after apparently suffering a torn anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee. 
Two positive drug tests and Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi playing as if they were on tranquilisers. India had a nightmare day at the Olympics today. 
England #39;s middle order came up trumps today after early wickets fell in the 4th and final npower test at the Oval. 
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States men #39;s volleyball team fell below .500 Thursday night with a four-set loss to Russia in Pool B action. 
In a move that defies logic, a vision for the future and good taste, baseball owners voted unanimously to extend the contract of commissioner Bud Selig through 2009. As a baseball fan, this makes me want to lower the blinds, wear black and listen to my ...
Carly Patterson became the first American woman to win the gymnastics all-around competition since Mary Lou Retton in 1984.
AP - Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the New York Mets past the Colorado Rockies 10-3 Thursday in the first game of a doubleheader.
THE struggle for the soul of the Olympics is still not won, not in a thousand years and more. On Wednesday, token events took place on the sacred site where the original Games took place in Ancient Olympia hundreds of years before Christ. 
ATHENS, Greece (AP) -- The diva does not warm up before her performance. Not much, anyway. That is something that other gymnasts do, and Svetlana Khorkina will never be confused with one of those. 
HOW fares Sven-Goran Eriksson? After all his nocturnal romping, were England just as rampant against the Ukraine? Why, certainly. 
They play with a confident air these days, even a swagger, more befitting the Brazilians and Germans. 
ATHENS  Gary Hall Jr. resurfaced for the first time since being left off the medal race in the 4x100-meter sprint relay last weekend, and as expected, he had an opinion. 
ATHENS, 20 August - The semifinal line-up in the men #39;s singles has been settled with both contests featuring a Chile v USA match-up, so each nation is assured of at least one Singles medal. 
ATHENS  Four-time judo world champion Noriko Anno broke her Olympic jinx by winning gold in the women #39;s 78-kilogram event Thursday at the Athens Games but defending Olympic champion Kosei Inoue was dealt shock defeats to miss out on a medal in the ...
The 20-year wait is over. America has its new Mary Lou, and her name is Carly Patterson. The 16-year-old dynamo beat Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina to give the United States another Olympic all-around champion Thursday night, closing with a dazzling ...
As track and field begins at the Games, it is up to athletes like Lauryn Williams to set right a sport seared by scandal. 
ATHENS  Michael Phelps certainly will not beat Mark Spitz #39;s record seven Olympic swimming gold medals in Munich in 1972, but the American youngster is still racking up the gold in Athens. 
Svetlana Khorkina was born in a poor industrial town on the Ukraine border, but not in her mind. There, she inhabited the Winter Palace in St Petersburg, surrounded by fawning courtiers and Faberg eggs. It showed here last night as the walls of her ...
ATHENS As they lunged and lobbed with astonishing skill on Thursday, it was difficult to know whose personal journey had made them the worthier Olympic women #39;s badminton champion. 
Sven-Goran Eriksson hailed David Beckham #39;s strength of character in recovering from his Euro 2004 woes as he said:  quot;Criticism only makes him stronger. quot; ...
Brylin, entering his 11th NHL season, agreed to a multiyear deal. He appeared in all 82 regular-season games last year, and had 14 goals and 19 assists. 
The West Indian players and their supporters must be sick to death of reading comments that are highly critical of the way they have played in this series. 
Despite being disqualified shortly after his final, Aaron Peirsol was eventually reinstated as the winner of the 200-meter backstroke event.
Mike Cameron homered and drove in four runs, and Kris Benson pitched six solid innings to lead the Mets past Colorado.
THENS, Aug. 19  The two finalists in the men #39;s archery strode out this afternoon and took their positions side-by-by side between the twin columns topped with the two-faced busts of Hermes that mark the start and finish lines in the ...
ATHENS, Greece (AP)  The diva does not warm up before her performance. Not much, anyway. That is something that other gymnasts do, and Svetlana Khorkina will never be confused with one of those. 
Los Angeles, CA (Sports Network) - The Los Angeles Dodgers acquired right- handed pitcher Elmer Dessens and cash considerations from the Arizona Diamondbacks in exchange for minor league outfielder Jereme Milons on Thursday. 
MAMARONECK, NY -- NCAA Division I champion Ryan Moore advanced to the quarterfinals Thursday at the US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club. 
Reuters - Josh Paul, Vladimir Guerrero and Darin\Erstad hit multi-run homers to lead the Anaheim Angels to a\10-7 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in St. Petersburg\Thursday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux overcame a shaky start to  post his 301st career win while Sammy Sosa hit his 566th career  home run as the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9-6 in  Milwaukee Thursday.
Lleyton Hewitt of Australia moved into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-3, 6-2 victory over Alejandro Falla of Colombia in Washington. 
ATHENS, Greece  In gymnastics style and personality, it was like watching an American high school cheerleader bringing down the Russian prima ballerina, a dynamo dusting off a diva. At night #39;s end, US teenager Carly Patterson simply ...
ATHENS France, Britain and the United States issued a joint challenge Thursday to Germany #39;s gold medal in equestrian team three-day eventing. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Greg Maddux overcame a shaky start to post his 301st career win while Sammy Sosa hit his 566th career home run as the Chicago Cubs beat the Milwaukee Brewers 9-6 in Milwaukee Thursday. 
Second-half substitute Brian Ching scored the first goal of his international career in the 89th minute to give the United States national soccer team a 1-1 come-from-behind draw against Jamaica in Kingston. 
AP - Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 Thursday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a World Cup tournament.
AP - Connecticut placed assistant men's basketball coach Clyde Vaughan on paid administrative leave Thursday after his arrest in a prostitution sting.
Jones had 198 yards rushing and three touchdowns, helping Dallas erase a 10-point deficit with less than three minutes to play as the visiting Cowboys stunned the Seattle Seahawks, 43-39, last night.
The question of what #39;s up between coach Larry Brown and nailed-to-the-bench young forward Carmelo Anthony is not, to be sure, the most important one facing the United States men #39;s basketball team. The team #39;s poor shooting -- after going 3-for-17 in ...
LAURA GRANVILLE of the United States crushed fifth-seeded Denisa Chladkova of the Czech Republic 6-1 6-1 to reach the quarter-finals of the WTA event here today. 
As Carly Patterson waited for her final routine Thursday night, her coach looked into her eyes and saw a fire that burned brighter than the Olympic flame. 
ATHENS -- As you saw yesterday, they #39;re fighting back now. Not with the world, but with themselves. When you #39;ve been humiliated at your own game, ridiculed and laughed at back home and can #39;t intimidate Australia anymore, someone #39;s bound to mope. 
INGSTON, Jamaica, Aug. 19 - Sixty minutes into Wednesday #39;s World Cup qualifying match against Jamaica, with the United States trailing by 1-0, Brian Ching stood on the sideline, waiting to enter, more excited than nervous. 
Connecticut placed assistant men #39;s basketball coach Clyde Vaughan on paid administrative leave Thursday after his arrest in a prostitution sting. 
THENS, Aug. 19 - It was nearly 3 am, and Paul Hamm was alone on his porch at the Olympic Village, sky dark, grounds quiet, gold medal hanging around his neck just hours after he had won it. 
THENS, Aug. 19 - Tim Duncan nearly tore the backboard from its moorings when he dunked the basketball on Thursday, hanging on the rim for emphasis, stretching out his frame for all of Helliniko Indoor Arena to see. 
KANSAS CITY -- A precautionary CAT scan taken on Ichiro Suzuki on Thursday afternoon was  quot;completely normal quot; and the right fielder could continue his pursuit of another 50-hit month Friday night in Detroit. 
ATHENS -- Attention, ladies and gentlemen. For his next act, Michael Phelps will break an Olympic record, hurry to the warm-down pool for a swim, run to the locker room, pull on a warm-up suit, walk out to the pool deck and take part in ...
After two days of gloom, China was back on the winning rails on Thursday with Liu Chunhong winning a weightlifting title on her record-shattering binge and its shuttlers contributing two golds in the cliff-hanging finals. 
ATHENS-In one of the biggest shocks in Olympic judo history, defending champion Kosei Inoue was defeated by Dutchman Elco van der Geest in the men #39;s 100-kilogram category Thursday. 
After months of carrying around the pressure to win an Olympic all-around gymnastics title, after being dubbed the next Mary Lou Retton so long ago, Patterson finished her floor exercise Thursday and nearly floated off the floor, leaping ...
JEDDAH, 20 August 2004  First, let me make it clear that I have always enjoyed watching the Olympic Games on television ever since I was a child. The problem nowadays is that the Olympics have been turned into gigantic business proposition both for the ...
MADRID, Aug 19 (Reuters) - England striker Michael Owen was given a warm welcome by his new Real Madrid team mates and waiting fans on Thursday when he took part in his first training session since joining the club last week. 
Aug. 19 (Bloomberg) -- Carly Patterson became the first American to win an Olympic gold medal in the women #39;s all-around gymnastics competition since Mary Lou Retton in 1984, while US swimmer Michael Phelps won a fourth gold medal in Athens. 
THE other competitors eagerly chatted with their coaches using high-pitched voices in need of WD-40; Svetlana Khorkina hardly spoke at all as she overemoted like a silent film star while glaring and sulking as usual, even topping herself ...
ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- FINA, the swimming #39;s world governing body, has rejected protest from national federations of Britain and Austria over American Aaron Peirsol #39;s reinstatement after he was disqualified in the 200m backstroke final at the ...
India #39;s hopes of an Olympic tennis gold medal evaporated last night when Leander Paes and Mahesh Bhupathi lost 6-2, 6-3 to Germany #39;s Nicolas Kiefer and Rainer Schuettler in the doubles semi-finals. 
ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- American Carly Patterson, runner-up in the 2003 Worlds, took the women #39;s individual all-around gymnastics gold medal with 38.387 points at the Athens Olympics here Friday evening. 
Unfavorable exchange rates and fear of terrorism are keeping many would-be spectators at home. ATHENS-An uninformed spectator stumbling into the Athens Olympic Sports Complex on Wednesday night could have been forgiven for ...
Athens, Greece -- LeBron James snuck behind Australia #39;s zone defense in the fourth quarter and quickly made eye contact with Stephon Marbury, who lobbed the ball high above the rim. James catapulted into the air and jammed it home with both hands. 
Rafael Benitez could continue the flurry of activity at Anfield before the transfer window closes at the end of the month. 
ATHENS, Aug. 19 (Xinhuanet) -- Michael Phelps won his fourth gold medal at the Olympic Games in the men #39;s 200m individual medley here on Thursday. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The Olympic hosts are winning rave reviews after the first week of the Athens Games, with foreign visitors expressing delight with the friendly, clean and well-organised Greek capital. 
an Diego Chargers quarterback Doug Flutie participated yesterday in his first full practice since having arthroscopic surgery on his left knee Aug. 5. 
NEW YORK, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Top seed Lindsay Davenport recovered from a set down to battle past American compatriot Lilia Osterloh 4-6 6-4 6-1 in the second round of the Cincinnati Open on Thursday. 
Five weightlifters, including India #39;s Pratima Kumari, were Thursday suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) for failing drug tests conducted at the Olympic Games Thursday, reports Xinhua. 
Rafael Benitez would not have imagined a more troubled introduction to his debut Premiership season following Michael Owen #39;s shock transfer. NANTHA KUMAR examines the tough transition period at Liverpool.LIVERPOOL Football Club were not the only party ...
Ten years ago, Bud Selig was commissioner of a sport shut down in a bitter labor dispute and headed for the darkest period in its long, illustrious history. 
ATHENS  Michael Phelps might receive his last gold medal of the Athens Olympics in a way no one would envision. 
Aug. 20 (Bloomberg) -- Noriko Anno, four-time world champion, won Japan #39;s sixth judo gold medal Thursday, defeating China #39;s Liu Xia in the women #39;s 78-kilogram class. 
Two decades later, it #39;s time to make room for Carly Patterson as America #39;s next reigning champion of Olympic women #39;s gymnastics. 
HARLOTTE, Aug. 19 - Eli Manning was handed his first chance to prove he could be a starting quarterback in the NFL Thursday night against the Carolina Panthers. If Manning #39;s performance was any indication, the Kurt Warner era with the ...
AKRON, Ohio -- Golf was supposed to be the headliner Thursday at Firestone Country Club in Akron. What turned out to be the featured performer, instead, was a nasty line of weather that made golf secondary to a lot of other things. 
Stewart Cink made five birdies on his first 10 holes and led by one shot over Rod Pampling before the rain-delayed first round of the NEC Invitational was suspended by darkness Thursday. 
MINNEAPOLIS The New York Yankees coughed up a 9-to-3 lead before rallying in the ninth inning to beat Minnesota 13-to-10. 
PAUL HAMM #39;S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human endeavor by defusing the word  quot;loser. quot; ...
ATHENS -- That was then and this is now. That was there and this is here. So which is a bigger moment? Mary Lou Retton #39;s  quot;No-Fault Vault quot; that produced America #39;s first Olympic all-around gold medal in women #39;s ...
ATHENS, Aug. 19 -- Worried about the potential for a terrorist catastrophe, Greece is spending about \$1.5 billion on security for the Olympic Games. The biggest threats so far? Foreign journalists and a Canadian guy dressed in a tutu. 
AP - Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth inning, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Los Angeles Dodgers 6-5 Thursday night.
AP - Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning Thursday night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw, 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins.
AP - Although the spotlight was on Eli Manning, Jake Delhomme shone the brightest.
AP - Andre Agassi breezed into the quarterfinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless on Thursday night.
It was a surreal and stomach-turning night for the Yankees against the Minnesota Twins on Thursday, and when it ended, it was also a successful night.
Redskins assistant head coach Joe Bugel returns to  turn his new group of "Dirt Bags" into a mirror image of his "Hogs" of the 1980s.
After missing all of the Carolina Panthers' 2004 Super Bowl season with Hodgkin's disease, linebacker Mark Fields appreciates every second he spends on the field.
Virginia Tech defensive end Jim Davis is ready for a big senior season after missing all of last year with a torn pectoral muscle.
After an offseason of verbal jousting when wide receiver Terrell Owens shunned the Ravens for the Eagles, Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis and Owens take it to the field on Friday.
Australian Lleyton Hewitt is disappointed at the timing of the Olympics as it related to the tennis schedule and is happy he skipped the Games.
As the season winds down for the Frederick Keys, Manager Tom Lawless is starting to enjoy the progress his pitching staff has made this season.
Fresh from being released from federal prison last May, former heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe has set up his first comeback bout for Sept. 25
Top-seed Andre Agassi easily advanced to the quarter-finals of the Washington ATP tournament overnight, with a 6-4, 6-2 victory over Kristian Pless. 
Costas #39; nerves are on edge. It #39;s 10:45 am, and he can #39;t get his usual frappe, a coffee-and-milk concoction that #39;s one of Greece #39;s most popular picker-uppers. Twenty-five-year-old Costas is working at the cafe in the Olympic Village international zone for ...
ATHENS, GREECE - Twenty years ago in Los Angeles, it was Mary Lou Retton and the vault without fault. 
Minneapolis, MN (Sports Network) - Gary Sheffield tied the game in the ninth inning with his second homer of the game and Hideki Matsui singled home Alex Rodriguez with the go-ahead run, as the New York Yankees rallied for a 13-10 victory over the ...
LOS ANGELES -- It wasn #39;ta save situation. But the Braves made sure Eric Gagne enjoyed a second consecutive depressing night, with some help from Johnny Estrada, who enjoyed another successful evening in his native state. 
AKRON, OHIO - Tiger Woods was cruising at one of his favorite courses before a pair of dropped shots cost him a share of the lead at the weather-delayed WGC-NEC Invitational on Thursday. 
ATHENS  Weightlifting #39;s governing body isn #39;t about to give up its aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters, even if it jeopardizes the sport #39;s future in the Olympics, the group #39;s top official said yesterday after six more ...
British badminton star Nathan Robertson has set his sights on Olympic gold in Beijing following his silver medal with Gail Emms at the Athens Games. 
CHARLOTTE, NC  Eli Manning stepped to the line, pointing out the defense just like brother Peyton. 
The Yankees had to venture into improbable territory Thursday night to avoid their first sweep by the Twins since 1991. But like they #39;ve done so many times this season, the Yankees found the heroes to turn lemons into lemonade, winning 13-10. 
ATHENS -- With a dazzling routine on the floor, American Carly Patterson staked her claim last night as the new queen of gymnastics. Patterson, 16, spoiled Russian superstar Svetlana Khorkina #39;s final chance at Olympic gold in gymnastics #39; premier event and ...
On a night when a disqualification was posted, protested, counterprotested twice and ultimately tossed out, the American swimmers claimed their largest medal haul of the meet so far. 
Tiger Woods lost the lead to Stewart Cink yesterday but his world ranking is safe for the moment. Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Cink looked at ease on a marathon day at the NEC Invitational that ended with ...
That #39;s the goal now, with two events remaining in what already has been a grueling Olympic schedule for this 19-year-old US swimming star. 
Weightlifting #39;s aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the Olympics, its top official said yesterday following six more positive doping cases in what is again becoming the Games #39; dirtiest sport. Five ...
British support in the badminton arena on Thursday caught everyone by surprise, not least the Chinese. 
Costs for the Athens Olympics are climbing again, expected to top \$8.5 billion US because of the massive security and overruns in the last-minute scramble to get venues ready, a government official said yesterday. 
DAY 6: Canadian sprinter Macro-man (Nic Macrozonaris) told a news conference yesterday that he had a dream in which he won the 100-metre sprint in 9.83 seconds. He has never broken 10 seconds flat. 
ATHENS -- Of the 10,000 athletes in the Athens Olympics, David Ford may be the only one who brought his own personal psychologist.  quot;Probably, quot; Roger Friesen said. 
ATHENS -- Adam van Koeverden has a message for his fellow Canadian athletes -- quit whining about circumstances you can #39;t control.  quot;You can #39;t fall into a corner and cry and say the Canadian sports system has let me down. You have to do things for ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - Italy #39;s former world champion Ivano Brugnetti returned to the limelight to upstage favorite Jefferson Perez and win the Olympic men #39;s 20km race walk on Friday. 
ATHENS -- The Mason #39;s Union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the United States men #39;s basketball team was able to concoct a winning formula by ...
CHARLOTTE - Kurt Warner may still be the favorite to start the regular-season opener for the Giants. But Eli Manning isn #39;t making Tom Coughlin #39;s decision very easy. 
BLACKSBURG -- Jacksonville, Fla., will be the home for the ACC #39;s first two championship games in football in 2005 and  #39;06, the Atlantic Coast Conference announced Thursday. 
A new wave of talent will be on display when track and field takes center stage at the Olympic Games. 
That was then and this is now. That was there and this is here. So which is a bigger moment? Mary Lou Retton's  quot;No-Fault Vault quot; that produced America's first Olympic all-around gold medal in women's gymnastics 20 years ago in Los Angeles? Or Carly Patterson's  quot;Dream Beam quot; here last night that clinched the second?
A funny thing happened as Orlando Cabrera triumphantly rounded the bases after he knocked in Johnny Damon with his walkoff double off the Green Monster in Tuesday's 5-4 thriller over the Blue Jays. In the stands, Cabrera's wife, Eliana, noticed during the celebration her cellphone ringing. And ringing. And ringing.
Johnny Estrada homered, drove in three runs, and started Atlanta's go-ahead rally in the ninth, and the Braves beat Eric Gagne and the Dodgers, 6-5, last night in Los Angeles.
Baseball commissioner Bud Selig received a contract extension through 2009 yesterday as owners praised his 12-year reign, but dissension surfaced among teams in the decision to launch a World Cup tournament.
Gary Sheffield homered twice and keyed a four-run rally in the ninth inning last night, sending the New York Yankees to a seesaw 13-10 win over the Minnesota Twins at Minneapolis.
For so long, linebacker Rosevelt Colvin couldn't do what he wanted, couldn't play football. Now, he feels he can do whatever his coach wants him to.
Former English Premier League rivals Steve Howey and Joe-Max Moore are expected to be available for the Revolution's regular-season stretch run.
EAGLE, Colo. -- Defense attorneys argued in a court filing that Kobe Bryant's statements to investigators after the basketball player was accused of rape last summer should be kept secret because it is not certain they will be used in his trial.
Free from the burden of trying to make the Ryder Cup team, Stewart Cink looked at ease yesterday at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio. The marathon day ended with his name atop the leaderboard.
British canoeists Nick Smith and Stuart Bowman are out of the men's C2 doubles.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Inge de Bruijn, two of her three Olympic  titles already lost, showed her determination to cling on to  the last when she posted the fastest time in the 50 meters  freestyle heats in Athens on Friday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps, one more Olympic title  to the good, aims to hoist his gold medal tally to five when he  takes on fellow American Ian Crocker in the 100 meters  butterfly final on Friday.
 AKRON, Ohio, Aug 19 (Reuters) - Tiger Woods returned to  form at one of his favorite venues before a pair of dropped  shots cost him a share of the lead at the weather-affected  WGC-NEC Invitational on Thursday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Josh Paul, Vladimir Guerrero and Darin  Erstad hit multi-run homers to lead the Anaheim Angels to a  10-7 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays in St Petersburg on  Thursday.
Britain's Alison Sheppard coasts into the women's 50m freestyle semi-finals.
ATHENS - Aaron Peirsol was reminded last night of a lesson he probably learned as a child: It doesn #39;t pay to make the umpire angry. 
Australian walker Nathan Deakes has won the Olympic bronze medal in the 20 kilometre walk, Australia #39;s first walking medal in almost half a century. 
Mason, OH (Sports Network) - Lindsay Davenport shook off a sluggish start to rally for a three-set victory over unheralded Lilia Osterloh at the inaugural Western  amp;amp;amp; Southern Financial Group Women #39;s Open. 
FOXBORO, Mass.  New England Patriots running back Corey Dillon darted up the middle, bounced off one tackler, then made it a point to crash into two more defenders. It hardly mattered to Dillon that this training camp session ...
ATHENS - Mary Lou Retton left her phone number for Carly Patterson. Call me, she said, after the Olympic all-around competition. 
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The first official track event took place this morning and Italy #39;s Ivano Brugnetti won the men #39;s 20km walk at the Summer Olympics in Athens. 
Australians Michelle Engelsman and Libby Lenton have both qualified for the women #39;s 50 metres freestyle semi-finals at the Athens Olympics. 
Jonathan Woodgate #39;s medical with Real Madrid is by no means a formality, despite the confidence of Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd. 
MINNEAPOLIS - Gary Sheffield insists George Steinbrenner is the only person who could tell him to rest his ailing left shoulder, but you can be sure that wasn #39;t on The Boss #39; mind last night. Not after Sheffield once again injected life ...
CHARLOTTE, NC - The Eli Manning Summer School took its first field trip last night, an outing designed to ramp up an educational process that is reaching a critical stage. 
ATHENS, Greece -- American Lauryn Williams pours down the track in the 100 meters, going faster and faster, smoothly pulling away from the pack, leg muscles bulging, arm muscles straining. She smiles while crossing the finish line, arms in the air. She ...
MINNEAPOLIS - The Yankees have held discussions with the Texas Rangers about trading Esteban Loaiza for prospects, but both sides have reservations. 
The White Sox are sending for pitching help, only the call isn #39;t going out to replace Jon Garland in the rotation -- not yet, anyway. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Top-ranked Argentina booked their berth  in the women's hockey semi-finals at the Athens Olympics on  Friday but defending champions Australia now face an obstacle  course to qualify for the medal matches.
Pavol and Peter Hochschorner took the gold medal once again in pairs canoe slalom Friday, winning by more than 3 seconds. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Traffic police have handed their report  to Athens prosecutors on the motorcycle crash reported by  disgraced Greek sprinters Costas Kenteris and Katerina Thanou,  a police source said on Friday.
Britain's men's and women's relay teams qualify for their  4x100m medley finals.
Do you assume this raging scandal will be enough to overhaul Major League Baseball #39;s laughable drug policy? If so, you must think Bill Clinton didn #39;t have sex with that woman.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to  victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on  Friday with a commanding performance in the men's 20km walk.
Denise Lewis makes a stuttering start to the heptathlon, as fellow Briton Kelly Sotherton storms into second place.
Athens -- Thursday night at the pool featured a disqualification, then a reversal of the disqualification, then protests of the reversal of the disqualification. Not to mention some nationalistic innuendo, a judge with a language barrier he couldn #39;t ...
ATHENS, Greece -- In the biggest competition of her young life, Carly Patterson made a four-inch balance beam look as wide as a sidewalk. And she danced, leapt and tumbled her way across it Thursday to become only the second American to win ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - Italian Ivano Brugnetti strode to victory in the first athletics final of the Athens Olympics on Friday with a commanding performance in the men #39;s 20km walk. 
John Robertson today spoke of his pride at seeing son Nathan scoop an Olympic silver medal and insisted:  quot;We are definitely celebrating, rather than commiserating. quot; ...
Athens, Aug 20. (PTI):In a belated damage-control exercise, the Indian Olympic Association today announced setting up of a Committee to probe into the Olympic Games doping scandal and suggest stringent measures to curb the menace. 
MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Factbox on England defender Jonathan Woodgate who will sign for Real Madrid on Saturday after passing a medical on Friday. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Slovakian twins Peter and Pavol Hochschorner have paddled to a stunning victory in the men #39;s two man canoe to retain the title they won in Sydney. 
AP - Cat Osterman struck out 10 in six innings, Crystl Bustos homered and the United States completed a perfect run through the preliminary round with a 3-0 win over Taiwan on Friday, setting up a U.S.-Australia showdown in the semifinals.
PAUL HAMM'S fall and rise are what make the Olympics so much more than a sports event. The US gymnast who spun despair into gold on Wednesday gives hope to the whole human endeavor by defusing the word  quot;loser. quot;
The seven-hour time difference between here and Athens creates strange viewing patterns in NBC's all-Olympics-all-the-time world. As host Bob Costas said in signing off Wednesday at midnight Boston time (7 a.m. Athens time):  quot;Good night, good morning . . . take your choice. quot;
TODAY AUTO RACING 1 p.m. -- NASCAR Busch Series Cabela's 250 qualifying at Brooklyn, Mich., Speed Channel 3 p.m. -- NASCAR Nextel Cup GFS Marketplace 400 qualifying at Brooklyn, Mich., TNT LITTLE LEAGUE BASEBALL 1 p.m. -- World Series: Midwest vs. Southeast at Williamsport, Pa., ESPN 5 p.m. -- World Series: Latin America vs. Canada at Williamsport, Pa., ESPN2 8 ...
Russia is one of the biggest, most powerful men's volleyball teams in the world. Already well aware, the United States received another reminder.
The Mason's Union membership cards should be arriving any day now, but while they wait for them to be distributed, the United States men's basketball team was able to concoct a winning formula by relying on their unquestioned athletic superiority over the Australians yesterday.
The United States Boxing team isn't fighting its opponents any more. It's fighting self-doubt.
Twice Keeth Smart charged, his opponent attacked and both lights went off. Twice, Smart was left standing on the strip, helmet in hand, after American losses.
After a week of swimming, gymnastics, synchronized diving, and beach volleyball, the Olympic menu will offer a steady diet of its bread-and-butter sport beginning this morning.
The Boston Cannons lost their last regular-season game but it really didn't matter. They had already clinched a spot in the Major League Lacrosse playoffs. What mattered was that attackman Conor Gill went down with a left knee injury in the fourth quarter and was out for the rest of the game.
BASEBALL Major League Baseball: Suspended Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen for two games and fined him an undisclosed amount for his comments to the media regarding umpire Hunter Wendelstedt. Major League Owners: Voted to extend the contract of Bud Selig, commissioner, for three years through 2009. Chicago (NL): Signed INF Neifi Perez to a minor league contract and assigned ...
Pleasantly Perfect lost his last race, but that didn't diminish his standing as the top handicap runner in the country. It will take more than one defeat to knock the horse who won the \$4 million Breeders' Cup Classic in October and the \$6 million Dubai World Cup in March off his perch. He has a chance to get back ...
As expected, none of the four United States entries survived yesterday's second set of Olympic rowing semifinals, leaving just four boats -- the men's and women's eights, the men's double sculls and the women's quadruple sculls -- going for medals this weekend, five fewer than in Sydney four years ago.
By the time Aaron Peirsol made his last turn and headed into the final 50 meters of the 200 backstroke, he had a body-length lead and was chasing his own world record en route to his second gold of the Games.
ATHENS -- The celebration had begun for Aaron Peirsol. He had just become the fifth person in Olympic history to win both backstroke events, adding the 200-meter race to his 100 win from earlier in the week. 
MADRID, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Newcastle United defender Jonathan Woodgate will sign for Real Madrid after passing a medical on Friday, joining the Spanish club on a four-year deal for a reported 20 million euros (\$24.74 million). 
The local issue of Playboy remained on newsstands Friday, after a judge rejected a request for a temporary injunction filed by Athens Games #39; organizers over the magazine #39;s use of Olympic symbols in a photo spread. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Olympics officials say they are unaware of any team member failing a drugs test after media reports that the International Olympic Committee had found a Greek competitor had taken banned substances. 
Sir Alex Ferguson faced another nail-biting few days this week as ten of his depleted squad went out on international duty. 
ATHENS, Greece  With flag-waving, chanting Hungarians creating a chaotic atmosphere at the Olympic Aquatic Center yesterday morning, a young water polo team from the United States discovered something about itself. 
ATHENS, 20 August - Slovakian twins Pavol and Peter HOCHSCHORNER won their second consecutive gold medal in the Men #39;s C2. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The swimming judge who disqualified gold  medal winner Aaron Peirsol at the Athens Olympics is standing  by his claim that the American backstroker broke the rules.
ATHENS (Reuters) - The swimming judge who disqualified gold medal winner Aaron Peirsol at the Athens Olympics is standing by his claim that the American backstroker broke the rules. 
England international defender Jonathan Woodgate passed his medical and will sign a four-year contract with Real Madrid on Saturday, the Spanish giants said. 
This is, in my opinion, one of the biggest games Manchester United have played for years. It may sound strange ahead of what is only the second game of the season, but don #39;t think this is one they can afford to lose. 
Race car driver Tommy Baldwin was killed in a crash at Thompson International Speedway during a Featherlite modified race. 
British boxer Amir Khan outpoints European champion Dimitar Stilianov in style.
ATHENS, Greece  Grit is now available in an economy size. It can be found in Carly Patterson, and in spades. 
ATHENS -- Weightlifting #39;s aggressive pursuit of drug cheaters will continue even if it jeopardizes its future in the Olympics, its top official said yesterday after six more positive doping cases in what is again becoming the Games #39; dirtiest sport. Five ...
American Matt Emmons won the gold medal Friday in the 50-meter prone rifle competition with a score of 703.3. 
A spokesman for Greece's Olympic team confirms that a Greek athlete has failed a dope test.
ATHENS, Aug. 20 -- The British Olympic Association is considering whether to bring its protest of an American swimmer #39;s gold medal-winning performance before an international arbitration panel, potentially keeping alive a fiasco that ...
Japan #39;s world open-weight champion, aiming to make up for compatriot Kosei Inoue #39;s shock loss in a lighter men #39;s division, defeated Yury Rybak. 
On Saturday against the Wallabies, they will accomplish what no previous Bok team has managed - winning the Tri-Nations despite losing both away matches. 
The state drug agency asked for a warrant Friday to search a warehouse belonging to the coach of two disgraced Greek sprinters who withdrew from the Olympics after they missed a doping test. 
AUSTRALIAN coach Eddie Jones rates winger Clyde Rathbone a potential successor to Wallaby captain George Gregan as the pair reach Test career milestones tonight against South Africa in Durban. 
No chance, Dad. The best amateur boxers know just how to move and exactly when to pounce -- and three Americans who failed to match that style are out of the Olympics. 
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - The US women #39;s basketball team continued its impressive play at the Olympics, pulling away from previously-unbeaten Spain for a 71-58 victory on Friday. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The unbeaten U.S. women's basketball  team had their sternest test of the Olympic tournament so far  Friday, needing an eight point run in the third quarter to pull  away and beat Spain 71-58.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out of the Games in a doping scandal. 
Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson is still unsure whether to field Cristiano Ronaldo in Saturday #39;s Premiership clash against Norwich. 
AFP - A struggling United States basketball team coming off two narrow escapes and a epic loss faces its toughest Olympic test yet Saturday against unbeaten Lithuania, which is playing like the team to beat for gold.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a  place in history as the Olympics' homecoming may also be  remembered as the Games that redefined a ticket scalper's job.
Liverpool: 22-Chris Kirkland; 17-Josemi, 23-Jamie Carragher, 4-Sami Hyypia, 6-John Arne Riise; 18-Antonio Nunez, 8-Steven Gerrard, 14-Xabi Alonso, 10-Luis Garcia; 7-Harry Kewell, 5-Milan Baros.
The 27-year-old took out bronze in the men #39;s 20km walk -- winning Australia #39;s first Olympic medal for walking in almost 45 years. 
LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took two cheap wickets to leave West Indies reeling on 54 for three on the second day of the fourth test at The Oval on Friday after England #39;s wagging tail had pushed the hosts to 470 all out. 
The United States Grand Prix is to return to the MotoGP calendar next year after an 11-year absence. 
Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a \$29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
Skipper Inzamam-ul-Haq said he #39;d likely rest Shoaib Akhtar and Mohammad Sami for Tuesday #39;s limited-overs match against an Australian Chairman #39;s XI as Pakistan continues to ease its pace bowlers into the tour.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - A member of the Greek Olympic team has tested positive for a banned substance, this according to a news bulletin released by the Hellenic Olympic Committee on Friday. 
ATHENS (Reuters) - The Athens 2004 Games which will have a place in history as the Olympics #39; homecoming may also be remembered as the Games that redefined a ticket scalper #39;s job. 
Benoit Peschier was aggressive and precise while a British medal hopeful was timid when the French dominated the men #39;s slalom Olympic kayaking on Friday. 
ATHENS (AP)  Anna Meares of Australia won the gold medal Friday in the 500-meter time trial with a world-record time of 33.952 seconds. 
Detroit comes into tonight #39;s tilt on a winning note after Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead the Tigers to an 8-4 pasting of the Chicago White Sox. 
(Sports Network) - The Anaheim Angels try to make it three straight wins this evening when they start a three-game set with the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek pride was dealt another blow on  Friday when one of their athletes failed a drugs test at the  Olympics just 48 hours after its two top sprinters pulled out  of the Games in a doping scandal.
B aseball #39;s dirty little secret is leaking out all over now. Steroids known as the  quot;clear quot; and the  quot;cream quot; have gushed into the news, staining the reputations of stars such as Barry Bonds and Jason Giambi, and 
Veteran NASCAR driver Tommy Baldwin was killed in a wreck at Thompson International Speedway in Conn. Thursday night. 
LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Jamaica striker Ricardo Fuller has joined Portsmouth from Preston North End on a two-year contract, the Premier League club said on Friday. 
(Sports Network) - The Chicago White Sox were handed an 8-4 setback by the Detroit Tigers on Thursday. Bobby Higginson homered twice to lead Detroit. 
AP - Detroit Tigers outfielder Craig Monroe was arrested for allegedly stealing a  #36;29.99 belt from a department store, a records clerk at Charlotte County jail said Tuesday.
Nicolas Massu beat Taylor Dent of the United States 7-6 (5), 6-1 Friday in the tennis semifinals to move within one victory of giving Chile its first Olympic gold medal in any sport. 
Gebrselassie has already won everything under the sun. Twice an Olympic champion, in Atlanta and Sydney, the 10,000m legend has dominated the event for nearly ten years. By the time of Atlanta 1996, Gebrselassie was already the reigning world record ...
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Track cyclists Anna Meares of Australia and Chris Hoy of Great Britain won time trial gold medals Friday afternoon with record times. 
Quick, what athlete defines the Olympics more than any other? Bruce Jenner? Maybe. Carl Lewis? Possibly. Jesse Owens? Could be. Mark Spitz? Nice choice. 
Cyclist Chris Hoy today secured Britain #39;s second gold medal of the Games by winning the men #39;s 1km time trial in a new Olympic-record time. 
AP - New Orleans Saints linebacker Sedrick Hodge has been suspended for four games by the NFL for violating its substance abuse policy.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's Ai Shibata prevailed in a sprint  finish to win the women's 800 meter freestyle gold medal at the  Athens Games Friday.
Alan Webb is outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters.
ATHENS, Greece -- American Michael Phelps won the gold medal Friday in the 100-meter butterfly with an Olympic-record time of 51.25 seconds. 
Greece #39;s defense minister says his country #39;s security preparations for the Athens Olympics have been so successful that it is now in a position to advise China, the host of the 2008 Summer Games, on how to avoid terrorist attacks. But the minister says ...
ATHENS, Greece - Despite early disappointment in the Olympic tennis tournament, the US by was treated by Mardy Fish to a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Fernando Ganzalez in the semifinal match. 
ATHENS  The USA women #39;s basketball team sailed through their first three games as though they were on a Mediterranean cruise, trouncing opponents by more than 30 points a game. 
Thompson, CT (Sports Network) - Tom Baldwin, 57, father of Nextel Cup driver Kasey Kahne #39;s crew chief Tommy Baldwin Jr., was killed in a crash at the Thompson International Speedway. He was driving in a Featherlite modified race on Thursday night. 
AP - Yankees first baseman Jason Giambi is getting treatment for a strained left groin and might resume running outdoors next week.
AP - Pittsburgh Pirates pitcher Kip Wells will skip his second straight start after tests Friday indicated rest would help his injured elbow.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
Michael Phelps collected his fifth gold medal of the Games with victory in the men #39;s 100 metres butterfly today. 
Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters. 
Thessaloniki, Greece (Sports Network) - The United States women #39;s soccer team advanced to the final four of the Olympics with a narrow 2-1 victory over Japan Friday. 
AP - Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
AP - Mark Calcavecchia briefly took the lead Friday before a double bogey left him one stroke behind leader Roland Thatcher after the first round of the rain-delayed Reno-Tahoe Open.
AP - Conference USA athletic directors have voted unanimously to recommend holding the league's inaugural football championship game in 2005.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece looks set to lose the first medal it won at the Athens Olympics after bronze-winning weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis failed a drugs test. 
American Gary Hall has defended his Olympic 50m freestyle title in a hotly-contested race in Athens. 
LONDON, Aug 20 (Reuters) - Steve Harmison took eight wickets against a hapless West Indies to leave England in sight of a seventh successive victory on day two of the fourth test at the Oval on Friday. 
ATHENS, Greece -- Erin Mirabella of the United States predicted a fast track for the opening day of track cycling competition at the Olympic Velodrome on Friday. 
Alan Webb, who was supposed to end America #39;s streak of mediocrity in middle-distance races, got outmaneuvered and outrun as he failed to make it out of the preliminary round in the 1,500 meters. 
AP - Mistakes defined Oakland's dismal 2003 season opener, and they showed up again in the team's exhibition opener: costly penalties and boneheaded decisions abounded.
Reuters - Linebacker Sedrick Hodge of\the New Orleans Saints was suspended for four games by the NFL\for violating the league's substance abuse policy.
AP - The Miami Hurricanes spent the last year preparing to move to the Atlantic Coast Conference. Are they ready? "The way I see it, we're just playing easier teams," defensive end Bryan Pata said. "We're going to dominate each and every game."
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps won his fifth gold medal  at the Athens Olympics Friday to claim a place alongside Mark  Spitz as one of the greatest swimmers in Olympic history.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Ai Shibata wore down French teen-ager  Laure Manaudou to win the women's 800 meters freestyle gold  medal at the Athens Olympics Friday and provide Japan with  their first female swimming champion in 12 years.
The Redskins on Saturday will face a Dolphins team facing a number of issues on offense.
AP - The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return  #36;8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
AP - Cincinnati Reds closer Danny Graves was placed on the 15-day disabled list Friday because of lower back spasms that flared up during his last outing.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps clinched his fifth gold  medal and became the first man since Mark Spitz to hold four  individual Olympic swimming titles when he won the 100 meter  butterfly final Friday.
According to the Associated Press, second-year running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not named the starter for opening day.
AP - Colorado Rockies pitcher Joe Kennedy was suspended Friday for five games and Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Jason Kendall four for their parts in a bench-clearing brawl Sunday.
AP - Erik Ainge and Brent Schaeffer are trying to accomplish a feat that even Peyton Manning couldn't pull off at Tennessee  #151; start at quarterback in the season-opener as a freshman.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Ethiopian Kenenisa Bekele succeeded his  mentor Haile Gebrselassie as the Olympic 10,000 meters champion  Friday after an astonishing final lap in the longest track  event.
AP - Team USA players promise NHL labor problems that could threaten the upcoming season won't be a distraction at the World Cup of Hockey.
Pete Rose is back in trouble with the Internal Revenue Service, which says the baseball great owes nearly \$1 million in unpaid taxes.
The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Only 24 players finished the second round at Firestone South, but the forecast was for dry, cool weather the final two days.
AP - Ryan Moore keeps rolling along in the U.S. Amateur, moving into the semifinals with a 3 and 2 victory over Jason Hartwick on Friday at Winged Foot Golf Club.
 LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved  the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to  America's favorite pastime, but regular-season games may be  confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top  league official said on Friday.
Reuters - Major League Baseball has approved\the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to\America's favorite pastime, but regular-season games may be\confined to the dugouts for the network's first year, a top\league official said on Friday.
University of Maryland head football coach Ralph Friedgen signed a contract extension on Friday that will keep him in College Park through 2012.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece was rocked by the threat of being  stripped of an Athens Games medal and the host nation's team  manager offered to quit on Friday, as doping overshadowed  Michael Phelps' drive to be Olympic swimming's top medal  winner.
AP - Michael Phelps ended his magnificent Olympics with a magnanimous gesture. He matched Mark Spitz's record of four individual gold medals in the pool, then gave up a coveted spot on the 400-meter medley relay team to Ian Crocker  #151; whom Phelps had just beaten.
AP - New York Mets infielder Joe McEwing is likely done for the season after breaking a bone in his left leg.
AP - Scott McCarron made four birdies in 12 holes, moving into a four-way tie for the lead in the second round of the Reno-Tahoe Open on Friday before thunderstorms forced play to be suspended.
British rower Matthew Pinsent will be aiming for his fourth Olympic gold when 'Super Saturday' starts in Athens.
AP - Eric Chavez homered twice and Bobby Crosby went 3-for-5 with a home run to break out of a length slump as the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics beat the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 9-5 Friday night.
AP - Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead the Boston Red Sox over the Chicago White Sox 10-1 Friday night.
AP - The quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons appeared comfortable in the new West Coast offense, calmly using his mobility to avoid pressure and then finding open receivers.
AP - Jim Thome and Bobby Abreu homered and Eric Milton pitched seven solid innings as Philadelphia ended a seven-game losing streak with a 4-2 victory over the Milwaukee Brewers on Friday night.
AP - Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport cruised past seventh-seeded Flavia Pennetta 6-2, 6-2 on Friday in the quarterfinals of the Western and Southern Women's Open.
Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings to lead the Anaheim Angels over the Yankees.
AP - Scott Rolen became the third St. Louis player to hit 30 homers this season and Chris Carpenter set a career best with his 13th win, leading the Cardinals over the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-3 Friday night to complete a day-night doubleheader sweep.
AFP - Utah Jazz point guard Raul Lopez, a Spaniard who has missed the past two months while battling torn right knee ligaments, was activated by the National Basketball Association club.
AP - Terrell Owens caught Donovan McNabb's long pass in stride, raced into the end zone, put his hands on his hips, stared at the crowd and nodded his head.
AP - Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder and was carried off the field on a stretcher Friday night.
The big scoreboards at Yankee Stadium went dark in the seventh inning Friday night, not that the Yankees were lighting them up, anyway.
The Miami Dolphins have asked Ricky Williams to return \$8.6 million they say the running back owes the team because he has decided to retire.
Leader Stewart Cink played eight holes Friday morning to polish off a first-round 7-under 63 at the NEC Invitational and was at 8 under when play was suspended.
The AND 1 Mix Tape Tour, whose emphasis on dunks over defense and trash-talk over chalk talk has vaulted AND1 from being a niche clothing line to a major athletic apparel manufacturer, culminates tonight at MCI Center. Attendance for the tour is up 30 percent this year, averaging about 7,000 spectators per game. About 10,000 are expected at tonight's event, which begins at 7:30.
Potomac Cannons right-handed pitcher Jeff Austin said he thought we was a head case after several horrendous outings with the  big league club in Cincinnati last May.
Former Oriole Josh Towers beats the O's for the second time in a week after allowing one run and seven hits in 5 1-3 innings as the Blue Jays triumph, 14-4, on Friday.
Running back Willis McGahee has asked the Buffalo Bills to trade him if he is not their starter on opening day, a source told The Associated Press on Friday.
Ramon Ortiz pitched four-hit ball for eight stellar innings and led the Anaheim Angels over the New York Yankees, 5-0, on Friday.
AP - Adrian Beltre tied the game in the ninth inning with a home run off John Smoltz and won it in the 11th with his major league-leading 38th homer, giving the Los Angeles Dodgers a 3-2 victory over the Atlanta Braves on Friday night.
AP - A steady downpour didn't qualify as bad weather to Suzann Pettersen. Playing through heavy showers was fine to Pettersen, who took a one-stroke lead Friday at the Wendy's Championship for Children. More than an inch of rain pounded Tartan Fields Golf Club, suspending play late in the afternoon  #151; as was the case in the first round.
Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the rain-delayed NEC Invitational, it was hard to tell who had control. 
With a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday night, the 22-year-old Ethiopian laid claim to the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his countryman Haile Gebrselassie. 
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- Noah Lowry has pitched so well that Felipe Alou now counts on the rookie to win every time out -- a standard the San Francisco skipper held only for ace Jason Schmidt in the past. 
PHILADELPHIA -- In his own inimitable fashion, Terrell Owens made it quite clear during the offseason that, all in all, he #39;d rather be in Philadelphia. He squawked long and loud, and eventually whined his way out of Baltimore. 
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday. 
KANSAS CITY, Mo. - If his inconsiderate neighbor would just lose that noisy alarm clock, there #39;s no telling how many home runs David Dellucci might hit. 
On a day when it would #39;ve been easy to lose, Evansville #39;s Jeff Overton instead advanced to the semifinals of the 104th US Amateur Championship. 
Ramon Ortiz pitched eight shutout innings as Adam Kennedy and Garret Anderson homered to lead the Anaheim Angels to a 5-0 road win over the New York Yankees on Friday. 
OS ANGELES, Aug. 20 (Reuters) - Major League Baseball has approved the creation of a national cable television channel devoted to the sport, but regular-season games may be confined to the bench for the network #39;s first year, a top league ...
Matt Schaub threw one of his three touchdown passes to first-round pick Michael Jenkins as the Atlanta Falcons rallied for a 27-24 victory over the Minnesota Vikings in a pre-season game. 
AP - After struggling for three months, the Boston Red Sox are getting hot. Curt Schilling allowed three hits in seven shutout innings for his 15th win and Manny Ramirez hit a grand slam to lead Boston over the Chicago White Sox 10-1 Friday night.
AP - Correll Buckhalter's injury overshadowed Terrell Owens' spectacular debut with the Philadelphia Eagles. Owens caught an 81-yard TD pass from Donovan McNabb on Philadelphia's first play, and rookie J.R. Reed returned a kickoff 88 yards for a score, leading the Eagles over the Baltimore Ravens 26-17 in a preseason game Friday night.
SALT LAKE CITY -- Defensive coordinator Kyle Whittingham is deciding whether to stay at University of Utah and accept its head coaching job or take a rival offer from Brigham Young University.
Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost consciousness and was taken to the hospital for X-rays. The Expos' starting pitcher, Tony Armas ...
PLANTATION, Fla. -- Pete Rose owes almost \$1 million in federal back taxes, but he is making monthly payments on the debt, his representative said yesterday.
SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Randy Hien has spent more than two decades managing Little League baseball, and he wasn't going to miss the Lincoln (R.I.) All-Stars team's trip to the Little League World Series, even though a recent car accident nearly killed him.
CHICAGO -- A year ago last night, Kevin Millar emblazoned a new slogan in the New England lexicon and the Red Sox began to turn around their season. Millar responded to waning support for the Sox after they lost 11 of their first 19 games in August by declaring,  quot;I want to see somebody Cowboy Up and stand behind this ...
FOXBOROUGH -- Steve Ralston will be in the Revolution's starting lineup tonight against Kansas City, but his position is a mystery. Ralston has played more MLS games (271) than anyone, until recently nearly all of those matches in the same role, but Ralston has moved into three midfield positions and displayed some of his most impressive performances at right back ...
The merry-go-round future of Northeastern men's basketball coach Ron Everhart slowed down, at least temporarily, yesterday when Everhart decided not to pursue a position as an assistant on Bob Huggins's staff at the University of Cincinnati.
Far from being a finished product after its first preseason scrimmage last Monday, Boston College's football team continued to polish its game in its second scrimmage last night at Alumni Stadium, despite a 45-minute delay because of lightning and torrential rain.
David Toms finished at 4-under-par 66 just ahead of a downpour yesterday during the second round of the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, leaving him the clubhouse leader.
NORTH ANDOVER -- Massachusetts defended its Hockey Night in Boston Girls Summer Showcase title yesterday with a 9-3 victory over Minnesota in the championship game at Merrimack College.
EDINBURGH University professor Dave Collins was today appointed as the new performance director of UK Athletics. The ex-Royal Marine, who has worked with competitors across a range of sports in the Capital 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its  soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael  Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the  Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. The  Olympics started its eighth day with 32 gold medals up for  grabs in what has been dubbed Super Saturday.
Britain's Matthew Pinsent claims his fourth Olympic gold as the men's coxless four triumph in a photo finish.
Just when we thought the kid couldn #39;t do anything more to amaze us, he raised the bar Friday night and did it without putting a hand in the water. 
Newcastle United boss Sir Bobby Robson admits he is stunned at the speed of Jon Woodgate #39;s move to Real Madrid. 
Despite sluggish ticket sales and a scandal involving their star athletes, members of Winnipeg #39;s Greek community are still thrilled Greece is hosting this year #39;s Olympic Games.  quot;There #39;s a lot of excitement, quot; said Chris Iacovidis, president of the Greek ...
CHICAGO --- Elvis didn #39;t leave the building on Friday night, but Manny Ramirez and Orlando Cabrera both did. And Curt Schilling left the Chicago White Sox feeling  quot;all shook up. quot; ...
ATHENS -- The US women #39;s trio of 100-meter sprinters, including five-time Olympian Gail Devers, all raced into the semifinals with strong, controlled performances yesterday in the debut of the track and ...
THESSALONIKI, Greece -- Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals. 
ATHENS -- Vicente Escobedo learned a hard lesson yesterday at Peristeri Boxing Hall. He learned you have to be ready when your moment arrives or you will chase your dream all night without ever reaching it.
SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Sense of Style lived up to her billing as the odds-on favorite and drew off through the stretch for a 6 3/4-length victory in the \$250,000 Spinaway Stakes at Saratoga Race Course yesterday.
NEWPORT, Vt. -- Lisa Klefos can't quite remember whether it was city life that drove her out of Boston or the beauty of Vermont's Northeast Kingdom that drew her up-country. It was either a combination of  quot;drivers, politics, and taxes quot; that made it time for her to leave, or it is the overwhelming beauty of the Lake Memphremagog region she ...
ATHENS -- Erik Vendt's Olympics ended in the morning yesterday, when he ran out of gas in the preliminaries and failed to qualify for tonight's final of the 1,500-meter freestyle, where he's the world bronze medalist.
The Boston Cannons said they weren't looking for revenge last night against the Baltimore Bayhawks, who drubbed the Cannons in their penultimate game of the season. That's what they said.
ATHENS -- Brett Heyl, the Norwich, Vt., native who had hopes of making the finals of the men's slalom kayak event, finished 12th in the morning heat yesterday, dropping him from the finals.
ATHENS -- Yukiko Ueno pitched the first perfect game in Olympic softball history, leading Japan to a 2-0 win over China yesterday and a spot in the semifinals.
ATHENS -- The two best 10,000-meter runners in history, two slender athletes from an impoverished country, met on the greatest stage of them all last night to decide if the new truly had surpassed the old.
ATHENS -- The fastest 49er on the Saronic Gulf yesterday was the one with the American flag spinnaker.
ATHENS -- The defending champ took the blocks as if he were Apollo Creed last night, dressed in a star-spangled robe and trunks and brandishing his clasped hands like a prizefighter. And then Gary Hall Jr. went out and knocked the rest of the swimming world on its backside again, winning the 50-meter freestyle by a hundredth of a second ...
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, an ancient nation, searched its soul over a new doping scandal on Saturday while Michael Phelps, a fresh-faced American teenager, prepared to enter the Olympic record books without having to swim a stroke. 
Perhaps it won #39;t rank in the memory banks of New Yorkers to the extent the 1965, 1977 or 2003 blackouts do, but for the 53,530 in attendance at Yankee Stadium for Friday #39;s game against the Anaheim Angels, the unplugged ...
It would #39;ve been understandable if American Matt Emmons had a bad first Olympic experience. The way things had been going, he seemed destined for that. 
SAN FRANCISCO - Steve Trachsel lasted only four innings and the Mets committed three errors in a 7-3 loss to the Giants last night at SBC Park. 
Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was hit on the side of the head by a hard grounder in the third inning and was carried off the field on a stretcher. Johnson immediately went down face first onto the infield. The Expos said Johnson never lost ...
AP - Stewart Cink was atop the leaderboard, and David Toms had the lead in the clubhouse. But with only 24 players completing second-round play in the rain-delayed NEC Invitational, it was hard to tell who had control.
Three judges are suspended Saturday for a mistake in scoring the men's gymnastics all-around final, but results are not be changed and American Paul Hamm keeps his gold medal.
Shawn Crawford speeds to victory in 10.02 seconds in the first round of the men's 100 meters, leading three Americans into the second round.
After a miserable Olympics four years ago, the U.S. men's volleyball team has guaranteed a place in the medal round.
Rower Matthew Pinsent wins his fourth gold medal Saturday after his boat edges Canada by .08 seconds in the coxless four.
Britain's Ben Ainslie retains his overall lead in the final race of the Finn class.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic rowing basin on Saturday, as Greece  counted the cost of the Games in national pride and treasure.
Germany is reportedly stripped of its three-day event team gold medal after a joint appeal was upheld.
Saturday marks the final day of swimming at the 2004 Olympics and even though American Michael Phelps will not be in the pool for the 400-meter medley relay he will have a chance to tie an incredible record.
COLIN MONTGOMERIE openly admits he is losing sleep. But there are more serious things than the Ryder Cup on his mind. As he continues his bid to be part of Europes team next month, Montgomerie is still 
Thirteen days after undergoing knee surgery, world champion Jana Pittman made a remarkable comeback Saturday morning by winning her preliminary heat of the women #39;s 400-meter hurdles.
Matthew Pinsent got the nod to carry on moments after winning his fourth Olympic gold medal from the person who matters most, his wife Demetra.
Two former world-number-one tennis stars, American Andre Agassi and Lleyton Hewitt of Australia, have advanced to the semifinals of the Legg Mason Classic in Washington.
ATHENS, Greece -- At 14.14 seconds, Robina Muqimyar posted the second-slowest time among 63 women in the 100-meter trials. But she and judo competitor Friba Razayee also have achieved historic firsts -- they 
Spain clinched first place in its group with a 76-68 victory Saturday, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the quarterfinals.
Spain international Xabi Alonso is a player that epitomises the type of footballer Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez wants to have at Anfield.
James Anderson took both wickets to fall as England were met with West Indian defiance on the third day of the final Test at the Oval.
While Curt Schilling had a performance befitting a King on Friday night, Mark Buehrle and the White Sox were all shook up. The 38,720 fans who attended  quot;Elvis Night quot; at US Cellular Field 
Hoosier Overton fends off four-time Winged Foot champ and St. John #39;s grad Svoboda in Amateur. BY MARK HERRMANN. MAMARONECK, NY - The golf phrase  quot;local knowledge quot; took on new meaning this week at the US Amateur.
Mark Grudzielanek hit two of Chicago #39;s six home runs and Glendon Rusch pitched seven strong innings to lift the Chicago Cubs to a 9-2 pasting of the Astros in Houston on Friday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Paul Hamm, who became the first  American to win the Olympics men's all-round gymnastics title,  should not have been awarded the gold, the sport's governing  body ruled Saturday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Norway, Germany, France, Britain,  Romania, New Zealand and Australia all looted the gold-medal  chest in the Athens Olympic rowing basin on Saturday, as Greece  counted the cost of the Games in national pride and cash.
Americans Paul Foerster and Kevin Burnham win their first Olympic titles after outmaneuvering their British rivals during the final 470 class race.
France is awarded the gold medal in the three-day equestrian team event after winning an appeal with Britain and the United States against an earlier decision that gave the victory to Germany.
ATHENS: Michael Phelps won gold in the 100m butterfly on Friday to take his Olympic medal tally to five gold and two bronze. A medal of any colour now will him equal the record for most medals at a single 
Great Britain #39;s gold medal tally now stands at five after Leslie Law was handed the individual three day eventing title - in a courtroom.
Jonathan Woodgate says he has learned from his past mistakes off the pitch and is now determined to make the headlines solely for his footballing prowess after completing a dream move to Real Madrid.
Uruguay striker Diego Forlan said he was looking for a fresh start after leaving Manchester United to join Primera Liga side Villarreal.
Take heart, Larry Brown. Yours is not the sole face of frustration at an Olympic basketball tournament that #39;s shaping up as the most compelling since 1988.
Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez insists his new Spanish signings will help the Reds to become contenders for the English Premiership crown.
LONDON : James Anderson took the crucial wickets of Chris Gayle and Brian Lara as England pressed for victory in the fourth Test against the West Indies at the Oval here.
Germany have lost their two gold medals in the equestrian three-day eventing competition after France, Britain and the United States won their appeal to sport #39;s highest appeal body.
England made slow progress towards a seventh successive test win with West Indies 274 for six on day three of the fourth test at the Oval on Saturday.
Michael Phelps, who thrilled packed crowds for a week with his record-breaking feats in the pool, bowed out in true style on the penultimate evening of the Athens Olympic swimming competition.
Ryder Cup captain #39;s pick Stewart Cink continued his assault on the \$7 million NEC Invitational after completing his rain-delayed second round in two-under-par 68 on Saturday.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Paul Hamm will get to keep his gold medal for the all-around competition, even though the International Gymnastics Federation announced the suspension of three judges for a scoring error that would have given 
DURBAN, South Africa -- South Africa beat Australia 23-19 to regain the Tri-nations title after a five-year break. Percy Montgomery and wing Breyton Paulse received yellow cards which put the Springboks under 
Abby Wambach will never score an easier goal. From 1 foot away, she tapped the ball into the net and put the United States into the Olympic semifinals.
and he has said it in London, said it in Zurich and already said it here in Athens - he only had to turn up to retain his Olympic 100 metres title.
The biggest applause at Olympic Stadium yesterday, the first day of athletics competition, didnt come for Greek heptathlete Aryiro Strataki or triple jumper Hristos Meletoglou 
Greek police found nutritional supplements containing banned stimulants and steroids in a raid on premises used by the sprint coach at the centre of the Athens Olympics 
LONDON : England international defender Jonathan Woodgate, Real Madrid #39;s new recruit from Newcastle, will be out of action for a month but that did not deter the Spanish giants from signing him.
ATHENS : America #39;s 100 metres sprint stars threw down the gauntlet at the Olympics but their Carribean rivals replied with a double salvo of their own to give the blue riband event an added edge.
Villarreal have completed the signing of Manchester United misfit Diego Forlan on a five-year deal. The Uruguayan hit-man never convinced during his time at Old Trafford following a 7.
A SECOND-HALF Springbok blitz gave South Africa their first Tri-Nations rugby title in six years with a win over Australia at Kings Park.
AP - Will Tyrone Willingham be the next Ara Parseghian or the next Bob Davie?
British rower Matthew Pinsent won a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal when Team GB #39;s coxless fours crew triumphed in Greece.
The fireworks shot out from the top of the Olympic Stadium, the grand finale of the Opening Ceremonies lighting up the Athens sky.
Former Manchester United striker Diego Forlan signed with Villareal in order to obtain regular playing time. The Uruguay international was unveiled with the Spanish outfit on Saturday after passing a medical.
The US Women #39;s National Team did not string together a complete 90 minutes of soccer in beating Japan 2-1 in its Olympic quarterfinal on Friday, however, it was the side #39;s finest performance of the tournament so far.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - For the second straight day a Briton captured gold at the Olympic Velodrome. Bradley Wiggins won the men #39;s individual 4,000-meter pursuit Saturday, one day after teammate 
AP - It was only the second round of the 100 meters, yet the world's top sprinters already were playing a lightning-quick game of "Can You Top This?" Five men broke 10 seconds Saturday, with Shawn Crawford's time of 9.89 the best of the round. And several top competitors slowed before the end, which means there could be some incredibly fast times in the semifinals and final Sunday night.
AP - Former Pro Bowl receiver Andre Rison signed with the CFL's Toronto Argonauts on Saturday, less than two weeks after a U.S. judge ordered his arrest for failing to pay child support.
Four days after the competition was held, France was finally awarded a gold medal Saturday in the Olympic equestrian three-day team event.
 quot;I #39;m going to a club with a lot of history and a great present, quot; Alonso told a press conference here in the presence of Real Sociedad president Jose Luis Astiarzan.
Britain #39;s Bradley Wiggins won the gold medal in men #39;s individual pursuit Saturday, finishing the 4,000-meter final in 4:16.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American swimmer Michael Phelps won an  Olympic record-equaling eighth medal at the Athens Games when  the U.S. team took gold in the men's 4x100 meters medley relay  Saturday.
Athens -- It #39;s always a pleasure watching masters of their craft at work, and such a moment occurred Friday night on the first full day of Olympic track and field competition when men with long-distance motors lined up for the final of the 10,000 meters.
THEY do not approach their subjects wearing lab coats to indicate a) they work behind the Clinique counter at Saks, or b) they test for drug cheats at the Olympics.
Australia #39;s Grant Hackett has won the 1500 metres freestyle at the Athens Olympics to become just the fourth man to win the race twice at the Olympics.
ATHENS, Greece - United States sprinters Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the men #39;s 100-meter race on Saturday.
AP - Petria Thomas overtook Jenny Thompson on the third leg of the Olympic women's 400-meter medley relay Saturday night, helping Australia upset the United States in world-record time.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's footballers extended their  fairytale run at the Athens Olympics Saturday, beating  Australia 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of the men's tournament.
American golfer Stewart Cink has the lead after completing the rain-delayed second round of the World Golf Championships-NEC Invitational tournament in Akron, Ohio.
The International Gymnastics Federation opened an investigation Friday morning into the scoring of the men #39;s all-around competition.
Leslie Law tonight became Great Britain #39;s first eventing gold medallist since 1972 - without leaving his Hereford home. The Court of Arbitration for Sport has upheld the combined British, French and American 
Woodgate, 24, has passed a stringent medical in the Spanish capital and will today sign a four-year deal - with the option of an extra year - at the Bernabeu following his 15.
ATHENS, Aug. 17. - World No 1 Justine Henin-Hardenne, sidelined for 11 weeks by a debilitating virus, swept into the third round of the Olympic tennis tournament today with a straight sets win over Maria Vento-Kabchi of Venezuela.
South Africa held off Australia 23-19 in a dramatic finale and won the Tri-Nations rugby title for the first time since 1998 on Saturday at King #39;s Park.
Olympic events involving athletes and coaches with connections to Michigan. All listed are on Team USA unless otherwise indicated: Andre Dirrell of Flint advanced into the boxing quarterfinals, needing 
GREECE #39;S first Athens medallist Leonidas Sampanis today denied taking banned substances despite testing positive for the male hormone testosterone.
Australia #39;s hopes of an Olympic Games men #39;s basketball quarter-final berth slumped with a heart-breaking 87-82 loss to Puerto Rico.
Steve Harmison has become the first England bowler for more than two decades to lead the Test rankings. Harmison, who took 17 wickets in the series win over West Indies, has topped the PWC Ratings.
The United States wins the men's 400-meter medley relay in world-record time Saturday night, giving Michael Phelps his record eighth medal of the Athens Olympics.
South Africa skipper John Smit paid tribute to his team #39;s resilience after the 23-19 victory over Australia, which won them the 2004 Tri-Nations.
Australia set a world record in the women #39;s 400-meter medley relay at the Olympics, as Giaan Rooney, Leisel Jones, Petria Thomas and Jodie Henry covered the distance in 3 minutes, 57.
Their times were fast. So were their exits. American cyclists were simply overmatched on the speedy Olympic velodrome Saturday, all getting bounced in the preliminaries.
Former Irish soccer stars to play with Team USA in Monday #39;s semifinals vs. Germany (Aug. 23, 10:00 am South Bend time on MSNBC); Gonzalez and Mexico fall to Brazil in quarterfinals.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States broke the world record  to win the men's 4x100 meters medley relay at the Athens  Olympics Saturday and allow Michael Phelps to match Soviet  gymnast Alexander Dityatin's 1980 record for the most medals at  one Games.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States and Australia set  world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races  on Saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the  Athens 2004 Olympics.
 By Ossian Shine  ATHENS (Reuters) - Justine Henin-Hardenne blasted her way to  Olympic gold Saturday, beating Amelie Mauresmo 6-3, 6-3 in a  clash of the world's top two players.
Sarunas Jasikevicius shoots Lithuania's men's basketball team to a 94-90 victory over the United States on Saturday, America's second loss of the Athens Games.
Justine Henin-Hardenne staged one of the greatest comebacks of her career to fight back from 5-1 down in the final set and beat French Open champion Anastasia Myskina 
AP - TCU helped change the Bowl Championship Series, even though its season ended at home. The Horned Frogs won their first 10 games last season, and reached sixth in the BCS standings, the highest ranking for a team not in one of the BCS conferences. A loss at Southern Miss ended TCU's bid of becoming the first BCS outsider to break into a big-money bowl game. That also cost the Frogs the Conference USA title and sent them to the inaugural Fort Worth Bowl.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Sarunas Jasikevicius went on a shooting  spree in the last three minutes of play to lift Lithuania to a  94-90 victory over the United States in the men's Olympic  basketball tournament Saturday.
The U.S. men's basketball team lost to Lithuania, 94-90, today at the Olympic Games.
New Zealand #39;s Sarah Ulmer dealt her rivals a heavy psychogical blow today, reclaiming her individual pursuit world record in magnificent fashion at a sweltering Olympic Velodrome here today.
The world number one broke a jittery Mauresmo twice to take the opening set and the Frenchwoman failed to get a foot-hold in the second set.
Paul Hamm thought his fantastic finish was too good to be true. Maybe he was right. The International Gymnastics Federation ruled Saturday that Yang Tae-young was unfairly docked 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States and Australia set  world records in the men's and women's 4x100 medley relay races  Saturday, the final day of swimming competition at the Athens  2004 Olympics.
It #39;s safe to say Justine Henin-Hardenne is back on top of her game. She #39;s healthy for the first time in months - and has a gold medal to prove it.
Barring a miracle tomorrow Colin Montgomerie will now need a wild card to be part of Europe #39;s bid to retain the Ryder Cup next month.
Singh ended the five-year reign of Tiger Woods as world number one in September, defeating Woods in a man-to-man duel for the Deutche Bank Championship title to confirm his supremacy.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Iraq's footballers beat Australia 1-0  Saturday to reach the semifinals of the Olympic men's  tournament, triggering celebratory gunfire in their  violence-racked country.
Larry Brown's squad could not hold back a deep and talented Lithuanian team, losing, 94-90, to fall to 2-2 in the preliminary round at the Olympics.
Yuliya Nesterenko ends two decades of American dominance in the 100 meters with a closing surge to catch Lauryn Williams.
Matthew Pinsents coxless four team, sailor Ben Ainslie and cyclist Bradley Wiggins all struck gold on a day to remember for Team GB at the Olympics in Athens.
Kenenisa Bekele used a breathtaking final 400 meters late Friday to claim the Olympic 10,000-meter throne previously occupied by his Ethiopian countryman, Haile Gebrselassie.
After sweeping through his first two opponents, Lleyton Hewitt finally found a challenge at the Legg Mason Tennis Classic. And it almost took the No.
Greece avoided any suspense about whether it would advance by taking an 18-point halftime lead on the way to an 88-56 victory over Angola on Saturday night.
Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus sped to an unexpected victory in the women #39;s 100 meter final at the Athens Olympics Saturday. The high-striding Belarussian clocked 10.
LONDON, Aug. 21. - England beat the West Indies by 10 wickets on the third day of the fourth and final Test at the Oval, here today giving them a 4-0 sweep.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Michael Phelps got his eighth medal at  the Athens Olympics Saturday without even getting wet when the  United States broke the world record in the men's 4x100 meters  medley relay.
Stewart Cink leads the NEC Invitational World Golf Championships as he nears the end of the third round. Cink is 10 under after 16 holes, just two shots clear of David Toms, eight under after 17 holes.
AFP - Lithuanian sharpshooter Sarunas Jasikevicius, snubbed by the National Basketball Association, made the most of his second chance to deliver a dagger into the hearts of a United States Olympic team of NBA talent.
AP - Bruce Fleisher parlayed eight birdies into a tournament-low 65 Saturday and cruised to a 3-shot lead after the second round of the Greater Hickory Classic.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States crashed to its second  defeat in the Olympic men's basketball tournament Saturday when  a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled  Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
ATHENS - The Australian women and American men ended the swimming competition at the Athens 2004 Olympics Games in style Saturday, both breaking world records in the 4x100 meter medley relays.
The Miami Dolphins have agreed to trade defensive end Adewale Ogunleye to the Chicago Bears for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick, if agent Drew Rosenhaus can work out a new contract for Ogunleye by 7 pm Saturday, according to a 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus sped to an  unexpected victory in the women's 100 meter final at the Athens  Olympics Saturday.
A grand judging goof at the Athens Olympics cheapened American gymnast Paul Hamm #39;s historic gold and gave South Korea another good reason to cry robbery at the games.
Matthew Pinsent was hailed as the new superman of British sport yesterday, after winning gold at his fourth consecutive Olympic Games.
Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Red Sox earned their fifth straight victory.
 quot;We #39;re going to have a party, quot; Maurice Greene said Saturday, looking forward to Sunday #39;s final in the Olympic men #39;s 100-meter dash.
SECOND-seed Lleyton Hewitt needed all of his famed tenacity to overcome feisty Frenchman Cyril Saulnier 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (7-5) and reach the semi-finals of the Washington Open.
Ron Siler had just taken a beating, and now it seemed like the whole US boxing team was down for the count. Fighters weren #39;t following directions, medal hopes were slipping 
 AKRON, Ohio (Reuters) - Stewart Cink was on the verge of  his fourth career win after shooting a two-under-par 68 for a  five-shot lead in the third round of the \$7 million NEC  Invitational Saturday.
ATHENS: Taufik Hidayat couldnt stop the tears after winning Indonesias first gold medal of the Athens Olympics. The unheralded Hidayat won the mens badminton title Saturday, beating seventh-seeded 
South Africa has defeated Australia in the final match of the rugby Tri Nations series. Africa correspondent Sally Sara reports, the Springboks won 23 to 19 in front of a home crowd in Durban.
Montreal Expos first baseman Nick Johnson was placed on the 15-day disabled list Saturday with a broken right cheekbone and is probably out for the rest of the season.
Mamaroneck, NY (Sports Network) - Ryan Moore, the medalist in stroke play, dispatched Jeff Overton, 3  amp; 2 in one of Saturday #39;s semifinal matches to reach Sunday #39;s 36-hole final at the US Amateur Championship at Winged Foot Golf Club.
How far do you have to go to win an Olympic title? How about eight titles? If you #39;re Michael Phelps, you would have to go a long way, 70 kilometres in fact, because that is how far the American golden boy of the pool has swum at these Games.
Forget those chariots, this was Rowing Boats Of Fire. The heart-stopping, edge-of-the-seat, photo finish victory for the men #39;s coxless four was without a doubt one of the Great British Sporting Moments.
Shawn Crawford of the United States left the baseball cap at home and no longer needed the showy sunglasses he wore in Saturday morning #39;s first heat.
When Percy Montgomery sent his third and last penalty of the afternoon sailing between the uprights to take South Africa out to 23-7 after 63 minutes, it seemed safe to contemplate the remarkable idea that South Africa were to be Tri Nations champions.
For the first time in 20 years, an American woman did not win gold in the 100m dash. On Saturday that honor went to Yuliya Nesterenko of Belarus.
Shawn Green hit a grand slam in the first inning and a solo homer in the third to lead the Dodgers to a 7-4 victory Saturday against the Atlanta Braves 
AP - Detroit Tigers right-hander Jason Johnson left his start Saturday against the Seattle Mariners with a strained left hip.
Manny Ramirez homered and drove in five runs as the Boston Red Sox beat the Chicago White Sox 10-7 Saturday for their fifth straight win.
Lleyton Hewitt advanced to the finals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic with a 6-3, 6-4 win over Robby Ginepri on Saturday.
Quarterback Aaron Polanco took a brutal hit in the back during Navy's scrimmage, symbolizing the Mids' mediocre offensive effort Saturday.
n American Paul Hamm, who become the first American to win the Olympics mens all-around gymnastics title, should not have been awarded the gold, the sports governing body ruled on Saturday.
Spanish international Vicente Rodriguez struck from a 62nd-minute free kick Saturday to earn Valencia a 1-0 victory over Zaragoza in the first leg of the Spanish Supercup.
AP - Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Troy Walters broke his left arm on the first series of Saturday night's preseason game against the New York Jets.
AP - The Milwaukee Bucks acquired Maurice "Mo" Williams after the Utah Jazz did not match the offer sheet the guard signed on Aug. 6.
AP - Esteban Loaiza is pitching his way out of the New York Yankees' rotation.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Nicolas Massu and Fernando Gonzalez won  Chile's first gold medal at an Olympics in a five-set tennis  marathon that ended at 2:37 a.m. on Sunday.
Shawn Green hit two home runs Saturday, including a grand slam, to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 7-4 victory over the Atlanta Braves.
AP - Dustan Mohr allowed two runs to score when he dropped a fly ball in the 12th inning, and the New York Mets overcame a shaky return by Tom Glavine and a team-record six double plays to beat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 Saturday.
Australian Lleyton Hewitt eased into the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday with a 6-3 6-4 victory over fourth-seeded American Robby Ginepri.
The pressure on IRL IndyCar Series championship leaders Tony Kanaan and Buddy Rice is beginning to increase with the end of the 2004 season just eight weeks -- or five races -- away.
Missed tackles, penalties and other assorted errors marked Maryland's intrasquad scrimmage Saturday, a dire portent of another slow start.
Stewart Cink used a 2-under 68 on Saturday to extend his lead at the NEC Invitational to five shots while Tiger Woods and David Toms faded.
Carlos Delgado homered and drove in three runs as the Toronto Blue Jays handed the Baltimore Orioles their fifth straight loss, 10-4, on Saturday.
AP - New Orleans quarterback Aaron Brooks tweaked his strained right thigh and hobbled off the field in the second quarter of the Saints' game against the Green Bay Packers on Saturday night.
Reuters - Shawn Green hit two home runs,\including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta\Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at\Dodger Stadium Saturday.
AP - Hee-Won Han was back atop the leaderboard at the Wendy's Championship for Children. Han, the defending champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round Saturday to take a two-shot lead. The South Korean had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
ATHENS, Greece - Bad judging has become a tradition at the Olympics, almost its own event really. From the robbery of Munich, where officials stole a basketball gold from the United States and gave it to Russia 
Belarus #39; Yuliya Nesterenko won the top women #39;s athletics gold medal at the Olympics on Saturday, triumphing over a field stripped of many big names because of doping woes to win the 100 meters.
AP - Florida State tight end Donnie Carter will miss the upcoming season with a torn right knee ligament, coach Bobby Bowden said Saturday.
A rugby nation lifted its head once more last night. The surprise was that it was South Africa, not Australia or New Zealand, who emerged into the light clutching the coveted Tri-Nations trophy.
Shawn Green hit two home runs, including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at Dodger Stadium Saturday.
Have you noticed how women are beginning to dominate these Olympics? A week ago it was Gianna Angelopoulos-Daskalaki who was a star of the show at the opening ceremony.
AP - Mark Brunell directed two touchdown drives, and the Washington Redskins controlled the ball for 41 minutes to beat the Miami Dolphins 17-0 Saturday night.
Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla.
Kenenisa Bekele stormed to the men  #39;s 10,000 meters title as his once all-conquoring fellow Ethiopian Haile Gebrselassie ended at the Olympic Games on Friday night.
Bayliss was reportedly involved in a heated argument in the pits at the German Grand Prix last month with team boss Livio Suppo. An uneasy relationship has developed between the former world 
ENGLAND fast bowler Steve Harmison is the world #39;s number one bowler, according to the latest PwC Test ratings. The Durham quick #39;s match-winning nine-wicket haul in the fourth and final Test against the West 
UNHERALDED Gilles Muller spoiled a star-studded finals scenario at the Washington Open today, muscling aside Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to move into a match-up with Lleyton Hewitt.
The Redskins were crisp on offense and defense, holding the ball for 41 minutes and allowing 98 total yards in a complete 17-0 victory in Miami.
Davy Arnaud scored his ninth goal of the season in the 66th minute to give the Kansas City Wizards a 2-1 win over the New England Revolution on Saturday night.
Agassi, Hewitt advance: Andre Agassi continued to make quick work of the field at the Legg Mason tournament in Washington, DC, winning 6-4, 6-4 yesterday over Paul-Henri Mathieu to reach the tournament #39;s semifinals for the seventh consecutive year.
The England international completed his 13.4million move from Newcastle to the Spanish giants on Friday and was officially unveiled to the media on Saturday afternoon.
Minneapolis, MN -- Cristian Guzman drove in three runs to lead Minnesota to an 8-1 win over Cleveland in the middle contest of a crucial three-game set at the Metrodome.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Shawn Green hit two home runs,  including a grand slam, as Los Angeles defeated the Atlanta  Braves 7-4 in a battle of National League division leaders at  Dodger Stadium on Saturday.
Gerard Houllier was angry to read reports about his criticism of Rafael Benitez in the Sunday papers, and insists he believes the Spaniard is doing well at Anfield.
Healthy at last, Justine Henin-Hardenne is back at the top of her game. And she has a gold medal to prove it. In a No. 1 vs. No. 2 final that wasn #39;t really close, the top-ranked Henin-Hardenne overwhelmed 
Los Angeles, Ca. -- Shawn Green belted a grand slam and a solo homer as Los Angeles beat Mike Hampton and the Atlanta Braves 7-to-4 Saturday afternoon.
As of Saturday, the end of the swimming competitions, he had eight medals: Six gold and two bronze. In comparison, Canada has won two silver and a bronze.
AKRON : American Stewart Cink carded a two-under-par 68 on Saturday to seize a five-stroke lead after the third round at the seven million dollar World Golf Championship Invitational tournament.
Unseeded Alicia Molik of Australia upset No. 3 Anastasia Myskina of Russia 6-3, 6-4 on Saturday to win the Olympic women #39;s singles tennis bronze medal.
AP - Craig Monroe hit an RBI single with one out in the 11th inning, leading the Detroit Tigers to a wild 11-10 victory over the Seattle Mariners on Saturday night.
Shawn Green connects on a grand slam and a solo homer to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers past the Atlanta Braves 7-4 on Saturday.
AP - The Detroit Tigers optioned reliever Roberto Novoa to Double-A Erie and called up relief pitcher Craig Dingman from Triple-A Toledo.
LONDON (AFP) - British athletics chiefs have named sports psychologist David Collins as the new Performance Director with the job of producing medal winners at the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
USA Ryder Cup wildcard Stewart Cink increased his lead to five shots after three rounds of the WGC Invitational at the Firestone Country Club in Ohio.
Lauryn Williams #39; magical summer began with her winning the NCAA 100-meter championship in June in Austin, Texas. It continued at the US Trials in July, where 
Second-seed Lleyton Hewitt moved into the quarterfinals of the Washington Open tennis tournament with a routine 6-3 6-2 win over Colombian Alejandro Falla today.
BRNO (Czech Republic): World champion Valentino Rossi is 22 points clear in the title race but the Yamaha rider will not be taking it easy at this weekends Czech Grand Prix.
Matthew Pinsent won his fourth successive Olympic gold medal amid tears of joy and relief yesterday as the British coxless four beat Canada in one of the closest rowing finals ever.
The New York Jets found a winning combination Saturday night -- a near-perfect game from Chad Pennington and an opportunistic defense.
Any lingering doubts as to whether rookie Julius Jones possesses the necessary toughness to be the Cowboys #39; carry-the-mail back now, and in years to come, were disposed of Monday night in Seattle.
 DURBAN (Reuters) - South Africa survived two late yellow  cards to win their second Tri-nations title with a rousing  23-19 triumph over Australia in Durban on Saturday.
Bengals quarterback Carson Palmer enjoyed his breakthrough game at the expense of the Super Bowl champion Patriots, racking up 179 yards on 12-of-19 passing in a 31-3 triumph on Saturday night.
Athens -- If there is a more obscure Olympic 100-meter champion than Yuliya Nesterenko, let her step forward and identify herself.
Han, the 2003 champion and 2002 runner-up, shot an even-par 72 in the third round yesterday to take a two-shot lead. Han had earlier rounds of 66 and 70 at the rain-soaked and muddy Tartan Fields Golf Club and was at 8-under-par 208.
After tiptoeing through a minefield of controversy, upheaval and unexpected mediocrity for more than three months, the Red Sox stats, schedule finally have their strut back.
AP - Kerry Collins' one completion covered almost as many yards as Rich Gannon's seven. That's one reason why he might be a better fit in the Oakland Raiders' new offense. Collins' 89-yard scoring strike to Doug Gabriel in the third quarter was the biggest play of the game before the Dallas Cowboys rallied to beat Oakland 21-20 on Tony Romo's 1-yard keeper with six seconds left Saturday night.
AP - Brian Ching scored a team-best 11th goal of season to lead the San Jose Earthquakes past the Dallas Burn 3-0 on Saturday night.
AP - Bills running back Travis Henry bruised his ribs in Saturday night's preseason game against Tennessee.
At 8:41 pm Thursday, Greek time, Michael Phelps was on the medal stand, the champion of the 200-meter individual medley. He was wearing his official 
The tattoo on Maurice Greene #39;s right shoulder succinctly sums up where he feels he ranks in the world of sprinting.  quot;Greatest of all time, quot; he will shout after a victory while thumping it.
From Seoul 1988 to Athens 2004, China has pocketed every gold for men #39;s doubles in the Olympic table tennis tournament and, more amazingly, each time the gold has gone to a different pair of players.
But Desi Relaford #39;s ninth-inning drive with two runners on and two out settled into the glove of right fielder Gary Matthews Jr.
Ruud van Nistelrooy will not travel to Turkey for United #39;s Champions League group D finale against Fenerbahce. The Dutch striker missed out on Saturday #39;s 3-0 win over Southampton at Old Trafford, and Sir Alex 
Long-distance runner Paula Radcliffe is tipped to add to Britain #39;s Olympic gold medal tally when she competes in the women #39;s marathon today.
Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller is ranked so low he has to qualify next week just to see if he can even get into the US Open in less than two weeks.
GREEN BAY, Wisconsin (Ticker) -- Darren Sharper returned one his team #39;s three interceptions 90 yards for a touchdown, leading the Green Bay Packers to a 19-14 preseason victory over the New Orleans Saints .
Britain #39;s Olympic success and gold medal tally gives the papers an excuse to wax lyrical on Sunday. Matthew Pinsent #39;s fourth rowing gold and his team #39;s success in the coxless four is the cause of many  quot;oar-some quot; puns.
SAN DIEGO (Ticker) -- Josh Beckett helped himself to his first win in over three months. Beckett doubled in the sixth inning to tie the game and scored the go-ahead run on Juan Pierre  #39;s home run one batter 
By STEVE FORD Courier  amp; Press staff writer 464-7511 or sfordevansville.net. Jeff Overton #39;s run in the 104th US Amateur at Winged Foot Golf Club near New York City ended one day too soon.
San Francisco, CA (Sports Network) - Dustan Mohr dropped a fly ball with two outs and the bases loaded in the top of the 12th inning to allow two runs to score, and the New York Mets went on to defeat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 in the see-saw middle 
AP - Drew Brees continued his strong exhibition season, passing the San Diego Chargers to a big halftime lead and a 38-13 victory over the Arizona Cardinals on Saturday night.
AP - There are traces of Johnny Unitas, Dan Marino, Joe Montana and Steve Young in Peyton Manning, not to mention the DNA of dear old dad, Archie. They're all there in his arm, his accuracy, his eyes, his brains.
Swimmer Michael Phelps might have turned in his most wonderfully uplifting performance of the Olympics last night. And he didn #39;t even get wet.
One of the feel-good stories of the Olympics turned sour Saturday, becoming the latest in a long line of scoring controversies that seem to show up in every Games.
DEFENDING champion Inge de Bruijn of Holland won the women #39;s 50m swim final in 24.58 seconds last night. It was the 30-year-old #39;s first gold in Athens and the fourth of her career.
SAN FRANCISCO - Dustan Mohr of the San Francisco Giants sat in front of his locker with his head buried in his hands. Even in a new ballpark, right field in San Francisco remains treacherous territory.
Lauryn Williams never saw her coming. Not as a contender in the weeks and months leading up to the Olympics. Not as a blur whooshing up on her right.
Staggering traffic problems, nightmarish security concerns and incomplete construction of sports venues that would cause an embarrassment to the host country.
The Marlins used a pair of three-run innings to ease past the Padres for an 8-2 victory Saturday night in front of a sellout crowd of 44,149 at PETCO Park.
TUCSON, Ariz. (ussid) Former University of Arizona men #39;s golfer Chris Nallen lost in 19 holes in the semifinals of match play at the 2004 United States Amateur Championship Saturday at Winged Foot Golf Club in Mamaroneck, NY.
Despite piling up impressive offensive numbers, the St. Louis Cardinals aren #39;t ready to bask in their success just yet. The Cardinals beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 10-6 on Saturday night, moving 
ATHENS, Greece - Veronica Campbell snatched Jamaica #39;s first Olympic medal at the 2004 Athens Olympic Games with a third-place finish in the women #39;s 100-metre final last night.
The Skinny: Beckett is facing the Padres for the first time in San Diego. In two career starts in Florida, Beckett is 2-0 against the Padres with a 1.93 ERA.
ATHENS At the end of the first week of the Olympic Games, security officials are generally pleased, even surprised, by the calm so far, though they caution that a safe opening ceremony and first week may encourage a laxness that could yet give terrorists 
For 10 pulsating seconds, the fastest men on earth take center stage on Sunday at the Olympics to run for the ultimate prize -- the 100 meters gold medal.
MAMARONECK, NY - Luke List has already made it further than he ever thought, so why stop now? That #39;s the attitude of the 19-year-old Vanderbilt sophomore, who continued his string of US Amateur upsets with 
The Chicago Bears have acquired hold-out Pro Bowl defensive end Adewale Ogunleye from the Miami Dolphins for wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round pick.
The Springboks have won the Tri-Nations title with a 23-19 win against the Wallabies in Durban. In a tense finish, the Wallabies scored twice in the final 10 minutes with the Springboks reduced to 13 men, but the home side held on for a deserved victory.
AKRON -- What #39;s already been a great week for Stewart Cink could get even better today if he can finish the job he started Thursday in the \$7 million NEC Invitational at Firestone Country Club.
Newcastle chairman Freddy Shepherd has sought to reassure the Magpies fans that the money brought in by the sale of Jonathan Woodgate will be spent wisely.
The International Gymnastics Federation suspended three judges Saturday for a mistake in scoring the men #39;s all-around final but said results won #39;t be changed and American Paul Hamm will keep his gold medal.
ATHENS, GREECE - Justine Henin-Hardenne of Belgium won the singles gold medal in tennis, beating Amelie Mauresmo of France 6-3, 6-3 in the final.
ATHENS -- Maurice Greene flexed his arms, thumped his chest and gathered the media for a post-race announcement.  quot;We #39;re going to have a party tomorrow and everybody #39;s invited -- I #39;m buying, quot; said the defending 
If last night #39;s Seahawks-Broncos exhibition game was a Super Bowl preview, as some have predicted, the Seahawks are in trouble.
SAN FRANCISCO - Mets left-hander Tom Glavine endured a shaky return in his first pitching appearance since he lost two front teeth in a taxi accident, as New York beat San Francisco 11-9 in 12 innings yesterday.
They played a day-night singleheader at Yankee Stadium on Saturday, one game that felt like two, each with their own distinct heroes for the Angels.
JAY, Vt. -- From the top of the gondola building, 4,000 feet up on the summit of Jay Peak, the rolling hills of the Northeast Kingdom fade into the distance of hazy summer air. The forestland of this mountain gives way to a patchwork of fields, barns, and silos, with white steeples marking a village green. At the base, brown ...
ATHENS -- Michael Phelps was sitting in the bleachers in his team shirt and shorts last night, waving a small American flag and exulting in every gold medal. Especially the one he got without swimming a stroke.
CINCINNATI -- At the height of his efforts to get out of this town, Corey Dillon declared,  quot;Rudi ain't no C.D. quot; Dillon, now a Patriot, genuinely liked his former backup with the Bengals -- Rudi Johnson -- and really didn't mean it the way it sounded.
CHICAGO -- This national TV stuff, Terry Francona still has some work to do.  quot;I showed up for the wrong inning, quot; said the Red Sox manager, who had been lined up to do a between-innings interview by Fox yesterday and eventually got on, but just a little later than he thought he would.
SOUTH WILLIAMSPORT, Pa. -- Chris Costantino struck out Jacob Maxwell with the bases loaded to end the game as Lincoln, R.I., held on to beat Davenport, Iowa, 3-2, last night in Little League World Series action. Costantino finished with 15 strikeouts and allowed just four hits in picking up the win.
Esteban Loaiza is pitching his way out of the New York Yankees' rotation. Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homered off the newest target of booing at Yankee Stadium, and Loaiza failed to make it out of the fourth inning yesterday in the Angels' storm-interrupted 6-1 win over New York.
FOXBOROUGH -- Taylor Twellman regained his scoring touch last night, but the Revolution squandered the lead in falling, 2-1, to the Kansas City Wizards, their first loss since July 4.
The San Jose Earthquakes, winners of two of the last three MLS Cups, could be leaving the Bay Area after this season.
Incoming Boston University freshman Chris Bourque recently filled out the Terriers' standard player form that is kept on file at the school's sports information office.  quot;It's all the usual stuff -- date of birth, height, weight, and all that, quot; said Ed Carpenter, who has headed up the sports information department for some 30 years.  quot;But the part I liked best ...
For the benefit of those who believe Gary Payton will arrive in Boston sometime before the start of training camp Oct. 4 (read: Danny Ainge and Doc Rivers), here is a primer of sorts on the veteran point guard. Everyone knows what Payton has done over a 14-year career that includes just about everything except an NBA championship. Everyone knows ...
PHILADELPHIA -- La Salle's monthlong search for a head men's basketball coach is over. Maine coach John Giannini will be named the coach at La Salle tomorrow, according to a source familiar with the school's coaching search.
Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole yesterday for a 2-under-par 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs.
ATHENS, Greece Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offense. It was the first medal to be stripped from an athlete in Athens because of doping.
SCHINIAS, GreeceFor a few anxious moments, not knowing the colour of the Olympic medal he had just won was the best part of these Games for Canadian rowing star Barney Williams.
Moore, a senior at UNLV who has already won the NCAA Division I, US Amateur Public Links and Western Amateur titles, will face Luke List, who beat Chris Nallen in 19 holes, in today #39;s 36-hole final.
 The Olympics are less than a week away and organizers are pulling the pieces together for the Aug. 13 opening.  Dana Vollmer will be one of those tales of courage that come up during the Olympics.
AP - Barry Zito scattered four hits over eight shutout innings, leading the AL West-leading Oakland Athletics past the Tampa Bay Devil Rays 5-0 on Saturday night.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States stormed to their first  Olympic men's eights title in 40 years on Sunday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The Greeks were shamed again at their  own Olympics on Sunday when bronze medal weightlifter Leonidas  Sampanis was kicked out after failing a dope test.
The IOC executive board met early on Sunday to rule on the case, which shocked the host nation days after its top sprint pair withdrew after missing an eve-of-Games dope test.
Iraq #39;s footballers beat Australia 1-0 Saturday to reach the semifinals of the Olympic men #39;s tournament, triggering celebratory gunfire in their violence-racked country.
Chelsea beat Birmingham 1-0 yesterday on Joe Cole #39;s 68th-minute goal for its second straight shutout in the English Premier League.
Michael Phelps has proven he is the best swimmer ever -- in and out of the pool. Yesterday, the 6-ft. 5-in. 19-year-old from Baltimore won his sixth gold medal to add to his two bronze, making him the swimmer 
The South Korean delegation to the Athens Olympics will file a petition on the case of Yang Tae-young, bronze medallist in gymnastics mens individual all-around event, with the Court of 
The Bears traded Marty Booker to Miami for Adewale Ogunleye because they had no choice but to do so. Talent levels being equal, a defensive end is more valuable than a wide receiver.
When NBC first called Bob Neumeier, he was asked if he'd be willing to work on Olympics wrestling and rowing coverage in Athens.  quot;I was flattered and grateful for the opportunity, quot; he said. He was willing to learn the nuances of those sports at the Olympic level and start mastering the pronunciation of hundreds of new names.
Pro baseball: Eastern League -- Trenton vs. Portland (2) at Hadlock Field, Portland, Maine, 1 p.m.; New Hampshire vs. New Britain at New Britain (Conn.) Stadium, 1:30 p.m.; Northeast League -- North Shore vs. New Haven at Yale Field, New Haven, 2 p.m.; Elmira vs. Brockton (2) at Campanelli Stadium, Brockton, 5 p.m.
The next time you're inclined to dismiss baseball's Rule 5 draft in December as an exercise of little consequence, remember that Johan Santana, the pitcher Pedro Martinez said reminded him of a younger version of himself, only with better stuff, was a Rule 5 pick five years ago.
BASEBALL Kansas City (AL): Activated P Jeremy Affeldt from the 15-day DL; optioned P Jorge Vasquez to Wichita (Texas League).
The Twins were 3 for 4 on stolen bases and lead the majors with 39 steals in 49 attempts since the All-Star break.
Shawn Green hit a grand slam and a solo homer to lead the host Los Angeles Dodgers past the Atlanta Braves, 7-4, yesterday, snapping Mike Hampton's string of seven straight wins.
Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis, Greece #39;s first medal winner at the Athens Olympics, was stripped of his bronze medal and excluded from the Games Sunday for a doping offense, another big blow for the host nation which is welcoming the homecoming 
Lindsay Davenport will face Vera Zvonareva in the final of the Cincinnati Open, after Marion Bartoli was forced to withdraw with a hand injury.
At the US Amateur, players wear shorts and spectators get to walk right down the fairways. So compared with the US Open, which is run by the same outfit, everything about this championship is decidedly relaxed.
CINCINNATI -- Ty Law responded last night to reports published last week that he and coach Bill Belichick were feuding over a bonus for showing up at training camp in shape.
British rower Matthew Pinsent is undecided whether to go for a fifth gold medal in Beijing.
On target and on fire, the US men #39;s 100-meter sprinters scorched the Olympic Stadium #39;s fast track through two rounds yesterday to advance to today #39;s 
The top-seeded Agassi was eliminated in the semifinals of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic on Saturday in Washington by unseeded Gilles Muller.
Spain clinched first place in Group A with a 76-68 victory yesterday in Athens, leaving Serbia-Montenegro in danger of failing to reach the quarterfinals.
In 1904 at the St. Louis Olympic Games, Canada won gold in soccer. In 1936 in Berlin, our nation won silver in basketball. That #39;s it for traditional team sports.
British rowing hero Matthew Pinsent is in no hurry make a decision over whether he will compete at the next Olympics in Beijing. Pinsent guided Britain to first place in the coxless fours at the Athens games 
Belarus #39; Yuliya Nesterenko became the fastest woman in the world, winning the 100m gold medal at the Olympic Games here Saturday evening.
Stewart Cink seized control of the NEC Invitational at Akron, Ohio, with six straight one-putt greens and a chip-in from 50 feet for birdie on the 18th hole Saturday for a 2-under 68, giving him a five-shot lead over a trio of Ryder Cup teammates.
Table tennis players Li Ching and Ko Lai Chak won here Saturday the first Olympic medal for Chinese Hong Kong since the former British-occupied territory returned to China on July 1, 1997.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis on Sunday was stripped of the bronze medal he won last week and banished from the Athens Games for failing an antidoping test.
It was another glorious opportunity for the Giants to provide an answer to the burning question of the day, namely,  quot;How the hell are these guys in the wild-card race?
Athens -- Stacy Dragila, the first great woman pole vaulter and 2000 Olympic champion, will not be defending her gold medal in Athens.
Germany #39;s Ralf Schumann Saturday claimed his third Olympic gold when he won the men #39;s 25 metres rapid pistol event scoring 694.
 quot;There have been a lot of BS calls, just like that one, quot; Scott said, referring to the new interpretation of the 5-yard rule.
Phelps tied the record for most medals by an athlete at a single Olympics, matching the achievement of Soviet gymnast Aleksandr Dityatin in the boycotted 1980 Moscow Games.
Nesterenko, a Belarusian who had never broken 11 seconds before the Olympics but did it in all four rounds here, won gold in 10.93 seconds.
An online scouting service recently rated the Dallas Cowboys in a tie with the 49ers as the second least-talented offense in the NFL.
Everton #39;s board of directors will meet on Monday to discuss new investment in the hard-up English Premier League side, the club said on Sunday.
Michael Phelps gave Ian Crocker a gift and Crocker made the most of it Saturday. As Phelps watched from the stands, cheering and waving a small American flag, Crocker 
This time in Athens, the  quot;golden pair quot; China had prepared for its rivals was Chen Qi and Ma Lin, two Olympic rookies. In the final match played in the Galatsi Olympic Hall in northwest Athens Saturday afternoon 
Rower Matthew Pinsent has won a fourth consecutive Olympic gold medal in the coxless four, while Britain picked up further gold medals in the sailing, cycling and three-day eventing.
Usually after a heartbreaking loss, the losing team #39;s locker room is as quiet as a tomb. Cubs closer LaTroy Hawkins, who allowed two runs in the bottom of the ninth and suffered the 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The red, white and blue U.S. softball  machine are one win away from their third straight gold medal  after rolling over Australia 5-0 in their semi-final on Sunday.
Matthew Pinsent is to announce his retirement, according to Sir Steven Redgrave, but is likely to follow in his footsteps by changing his mind and returning to the sport.
ATHENS, Greece -- Duvall #39;s Amy Tryon will return home from the 2004 Olympics with a medal after all. Tryon and the other members of the US equestrian team earned the bronze medal in the team-eventing competition 
Britain's swimming coach Bill Sweetenham defends his team's record in Athens.
New Olympic record holder British cyclist Bradley Wiggins won the men #39;s individual pursuit at the Athens Olympics with a time of 4:16.
Bradley Wiggins had dreamed of winning an Olympic gold since he was 12, but the Londoner got the fright of his life when Brad McGee returned to track racing two years ago.
Lisa Fernandez pitches a three-hitter Sunday and as the Americans roll to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game.
The American men's elite eight crew ends a four-decade drought in rowing gold medals Sunday, pulling out to a big lead and fending off a late charge by the Netherlands.
ATHENS -- With his big, thick right hand, Pete Clentzos slaps his belly. The hand bounces off.
AP - One more victory and U.S. softball team will have its goal: a third Olympic gold. Right now, the Americans aren't just a Dream Team  #151; they're more like the Perfect Team. Lisa Fernandez pitched a three-hitter Sunday and Crystl Bustos drove in two runs as the Americans rolled to their eighth shutout in eight days, 5-0 over Australia, putting them into the gold medal game.
AP - The preliminaries in the 100 meters were perhaps just a sample of what's to come Sunday, when a talented group of qualifiers  #151; including Americans Shawn Crawford, Justin Gatlin and defending champion Maurice Greene  #151; will try to turn their competition into the fastest show at the Athens Games.
A stake in the heart of USA mens basketball was delivered Saturday by a player who was inches from doing it four years ago in Sydney, Australia.
Despite the controversy surrounding his gold medal in the all-around, Paul Hamm has a chance to win two more golds Sunday. The American will compete in the finals of the pommel 
They drank the champagne, bore smiles the width of the Vaal River and took the plaudits of a nation. And they deserved every single moment of the adulation.
A messy contract holdout and the need for a top-flight wide receiver prompted the Dolphins to agree on a trade Saturday that will send defensive end Adewale Ogunleye to the Chicago Bears for Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round draft pick.
AP - Dustan Mohr allowed two runs to score when he dropped a fly ball in the 12th inning, and the New York Mets overcame a shaky return by Tom Glavine and a team-record six double plays to beat the San Francisco Giants 11-9 Saturday.
AP - Jose Guillen and Jeff DaVanon homer off Esteban Loaiza, who failed to make it out of the fourth inning Saturday, as the Anaheim Angels defeated the New York Yankees 6-1 in a storm-interrupted game.
China #39;s Jia Zhanbo claimed the gold medal in the men #39;s 50-metre rifle three-position target event at the Athens Olympics, after American Matthew Emmons was ruled to have fired at the wrong target on the verge of victory.
Despite having won 10 out of 11 tests so far this year, England are still a long way from being the best team in the world. Arch-rivals Australia hold sway at the 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Matthew Emmons fired at the  wrong target on the verge of victory in the Olympics men's  50-meter rife three-position target event to surrender an  almost certain gold medal to China's Jia Zhanbo on Sunday.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Michael Anti of the United States won the silver on Sunday in the men #39;s 50m rifle 3-position event at the Summer Olympics in Athens.
Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
 MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia's Svetlana Khorkina, who was  second to American Carly Patterson in the women's all-round  gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her  of the gold medal and said "everything was decided in advance."
The International Olympic Committee has stripped a Greek weightlifter of his bronze medal and expelled him from the Athens Games for a doping offense.
ONCE the tailenders of world cricket, England thumped the West Indies by 10 wickets at the Oval to complete a 4-0 whitewash yesterday and are now snapping at Australia #39;s heels for world dominance.
Spaniard Sete Gibernau stormed into pole position for Sunday #39;s Czech MotoGP Grand Prix, edging out Brazilian Alex Barros at the end of the rain-affected second qualifying session.
Stein Metzger screamed, as if the noise would somehow keep the ball off the sand for an extra split second. He threw his body parallel to the ground, but the ball bounced inches out of his reach, as partner Dax Holdren looked on.
The satisfaction of knowing they should have won gymnastics gold might be all the South Koreans get. While the country #39;s Olympic team met with lawyers Sunday to plan its appeal over the medal given to American 
Minnesota at Texas (8:05 pm EDT). Kenny Rogers (15-5) goes for his 16th win as Texas resumes its AL West title chase. * Manny Ramirez and Jason Varitek, Red Sox.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - China underlined their gold medal  ambitions in Olympic women's volleyball on Sunday, clinching  top spot in Pool B with a straight sets win over Russia.
Britain #39;s Yngling crew Shirley Robertson (M), Sarah Webb (R) and Sarah Ayton celebrate at award ceremony after winning the first title at the Athens Olympic Games on August 21, 2004.
(Sports Network) - Matt Ginter will get the start for an injured Victor Zambrano this afternoon when the New York Mets conclude their three-game series with the San Francisco Giants at SBC Park.
The tattoo on Lauryn Williams #39;s right hip is new this year, but it is already dated. It is Mickey Mouse, baton in hand, dashing through the University of Miami logo.
Lleyton Hewitt has an unexpected rival in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic after Andre Agassi was beaten in straight sets by unheralded Luxembourg player Gilles Muller on Saturday.
Russia #39;s Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to American Carly Patterson in the women #39;s all-round gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold 
SOUTH AFRICA completed their resurrection from international disgrace to rugby power with their most important win since the World Cup final in 1995, which briefly united the Rainbow Nation.
What a week! Here #39;s to Phelps, Thorpe and all the other breakout stars - especially the unheralded Africans. It was an irresistible formula for concocting the most popular Olympic event of the first week.
Australian cyclist Katie Mactier has won silver behind New Zealand world champion Sarah Ulmer in the women #39;s 3000 metre individual pursuit at the Athens Olympics.
It was the final of the forgotten. Those who raced it, this weirdest of women #39;s 100-metres dashes, were a largely unknown lot; the winner, Yuliya Nesterenko, ran into history from the comfortable starting blocks of near-total anonymity.
From tail-dragging despair to unabashed joy, Britain #39;s newspapers rebounded on Sunday, swelling with pride after five gold medals in one day erased the pain of the first Olympic week in Athens.
ATHENS - She did not have the magnetic power of Mary Lou Retton, or the dizzy charm of Sarah Hughes, but Carly Patterson did have one final dance in front of her, one last chance to prove that her face belonged on those 70 million McDonald #39;s bags and 
Greek weightlifter Leonidas Sampanis is stripped of his bronze medal and expelled from the Olympics for a doping offense.
Although Joe Gibbs is back in Washington, we're unlikely to see any elements of his offensive system on display until Opening Day.
American shooter Matt Emmons fired at the wrong target on his final shot Sunday, blowing a commanding lead in the Olympic 50-meter three-position rifle event and allowing Jia Zhanbo of China to take the gold
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Almost 100 runners set out on Sunday to  recreate history's legendary Marathon while a modern day doping  scandal threatened the gold medal won by Russia at the first  Olympic event held at Ancient Olympia in 1,600 years.
Winning the 100 meters at the Olympics isn #39;t simply a tradition carried on by generations of American women sprinters, it #39;s an exercise in domination.
An almost unthinkable lapse of concentration Sunday cost American Matt Emmons an Olympic shooting gold medal. Emmons, far ahead going into his final shot in the three-position 
A FAST finish in the pool at Athens has delivered Australia #39;s best swimming medal haul since the 1956 Melbourne Games. A heroic butterfly leg from Petria Thomas in the women #39;s medley relay yesterday snared the team #39;s seventh and final gold medal.
Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand continued her dominance of pursuit racing Sunday, breaking her own world record to win the Olympic gold medal.
Mamaroneck, NY - Ryan Moore, 21, of Puyallup, Wash., the NCAA Division I champion who has won all four golf events he has entered since late May, and Luke List, 19, of Ringgold, Ga.
Britain's team pursuit quartet will race off for gold against Australia on Monday.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand won the women #39;s individual pursuit competition in track cycling Sunday at the Olympics.
In the midst of the heaving throng of more than 100,000 who turned out in Athens to welcome home the victorious Greek soccer team last month, someone asked how Athens would deal with the crowds during the Olympics.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - China #39;s Zhang Yining, already a gold medalist here with doubles partner Wang Nan, won the women #39;s singles title Sunday with a four-set victory over Hyang Mi Kim of North Korea.
Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant but he got his numbers terribly wrong at the Olympics. The American sharpshooter was just one shot away from a second Olympic gold 
AP - Portland Trail Blazers forward Zach Randolph was questioned by police after witnessing the shootings of three men inside a bar early Sunday.
Athens - Sarah Ulmer gave New Zealand their first ever Olympic cycling gold medal and only their second of the Athens Games on Sunday, breaking her own world record for the women #39;s 3-km individual pursuit in the process.
Aberdeen, Scotland (Sports Network) - Celtic remained perfect in Scottish Premier League play this season with a 3-1 win over Inverness at the Pittodrie.
AP - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, was unable to complete even one hurdle in 100-meter event Sunday  #151; failing once again to win an Olympic hurdling medal.
 quot;IG has verified that Colombian judge Oscar Buitrago Reyes, one of three officials suspended by the FIG (world gymnastics body) on August 21, has lived and worked in Ohio for several years, quot; the magazine #39;s website said on Sunday.
and it beat anything the 20th could offer either. A fourth successive gold medal for Matthew Pinsent by only just 0.08s. Barney Williams 
The Chicago Bears have sent wide receiver Marty Booker and a 2005 third-round draft pick to the Miami Dophins for disgruntled defensive end Adewale Ogunleye.
Celtic returned to the top of the Scottish Premier League on Sunday with Wales striker John Hartson scoring twice for the champions in a 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Two discards held centre stage yesterday as the Springboks revived memories of their World Cup triumph when they nailed the Tri-Nations title.
Federation rules that judges #39; mistake cost S. Korea #39;s Yang a victory, but Hamm gets to keep medal. ATHENS, Greece - Paul Hamm was erroneously awarded the gold medal in the men #39;s all-around Wednesday night because 
A Hungarian fencing referee was expelled from the Olympics and suspended for two years Sunday after making several errors during Saturday night #39;s gold-medal match in men #39;s team foil.
AP - Gail Devers, the most talented yet star-crossed hurdler of her generation, failed once again in the Olympics as she was struck by injury before the first hurdle. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the 100-meter hurdles, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle. She sat on the track for about two minutes, rubbing her left leg and grimacing.
In another embarrassing incident for the Olympic host nation, a Greek weightlifter has been stripped of his bronze medal for a doping offence.
Sarah Ulmer #39;s blitzing gold medal ride at the Olympic Velodrome on Monday has left her eating her own words. Ulmer broke the women #39;s 3000m individual pursuit world record for the second time in two days in the final.
Paula Radcliffe has withdrawn in tears after just over two hours of the Olympic women #39;s marathon. The world record holder and big favourite was in fourth place at the time but was losing ground.
AP - The Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday released defensive end Tony Brackens, the team's all-time sack leader.
AP - The protective netting in place to protect fans from falling concrete at Wrigley Field must be replaced with a permanent solution if the Chicago Cubs want to play at the stadium next spring.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Women's Olympic shot put champion Irina  Korzhanenko of Russia will lose her gold medal after testing  positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic  Committee's anti-doping body said Sunday.
Arsenal came back from two goals down to equal Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-match unbeaten run that has stood for 25 years. The Gunners went ahead in the 26th minute through Thierry Henry, but Arsenal were stunned 
A Greek Olympian has been stripped of his bronze medal after testing positive for drugs, and a Russian gold medallist has also reportedly failed a test.
ATHENS : New Zealand #39;s Sarah Ulmer smashed her second world record in as many days on the way to claiming the 3000-metre individual pursuit cycling gold medal at the Athens Olympics.
American Deena Kastor crosed the finish line crying as she captured the bronze medal in the marathon Sunday. She finished the course in 2 hours, 27 minutes, 19 seconds.
CHICAGO (Ticker) -- The Boston Red Sox will go for a three-game sweep when they face the Chicago White Sox at US Cellular Field on Sunday night.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Japan's diminutive Mizuki Noguchi put on  an extraordinary display of front-running to win the Olympic  women's marathon title on Sunday as Paula Radcliffe's challenge  ended in bitter tears.
Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insisted there must be an end product to the Gunners #39; record-breaking run. As Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run Henry said:  quot;Even on the pitch we didn #39;t realise what we had done.
The perennial Olympics pariah, commonly known as the ticket scalper, is having a hard time in Athens. Scalpers normally buy hard-to-get tickets, with hopes of selling them later at highly inflated prices.
Dax Holdren could only watch helplessly as partner Stein Metzger made a desperate dive for the ball, screaming as if the noise could stop it from hitting the sizzling sand.
Defending champion Arsenal matched a 25-year-old record of 42 league games without a loss in the top tier of English soccer by rallying past Middlesbrough 5-3 Sunday.
AP - Gail Devers failed once again in the Olympic 100-meter hurdles, falling to injury just steps into her first race. Devers, 37, who has three world championships in the event, pulled up short and screamed as she slid under the first hurdle Sunday.
AP - Mizuki Noguchi of Japan held on for the gold and American Deena Kastor used a late burst for a stunning bronze medal finish Sunday night in the Olympic marathon. Kastor's third place gave the United States its first marathon medal since Joan Benoit's gold in Los Angeles 20 years ago.
America's Katie Smith reinjures her right knee early in a dominating 100-62 women's basketball victory over China on Sunday.
Mizuki Noguchi of Japan held on for the gold and American Deena Kastor used a late burst for a stunning bronze medal finish Sunday night in the Olympic marathon.
AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Moroccan duo Hicham El Guerrouj and Adil  Kaouch led the way into the Olympic men's 1,500 meters final  when they each won one of Saturday's semi-finals.
Julius Jones scored on a 17-yard touchdown run with 37 seconds left as the Dallas Cowboys scored two touchdowns in the last two minutes to stun the Seattle Seahawks 43-39 in the National Football League Monday.
Japan #39;s Mizuki Nogushi won the first Olympic marathon raced from the historic site in 108 years on Sunday, but for Britain the race turned into heartbreak as its top runner quit in tears.
Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to American Carly Patterson in the women #39;s all-around gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal and said  quot;everything was decided in advance.
ATHENS - Asafa Powell led the way into what appears to be a wide-open Olympic 100m final on Sunday as the Jamaican won his semifinal in 9.95 seconds.
Chantelle Newbery won Australia #39;s first gold medal in diving since 1924 Sunday night, easily holding off China #39;s Lao Lishi and Aussie teammate Loudy Tourky in women #39;s 10-meter platform.
AP - The New York Mets recalled right-hander Matt Ginter from Triple-A Norfolk in time for him to start Sunday's game against the San Francisco Giants.
The eight days of Olympic swimming competition ended Saturday night at the Athens Summer Games. And the big star was American Michael Phelps.
Justin Gatlin ran the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday night to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds. Francis Obikwelu of Portugal got the silver 
Exhausted cyclist Sarah Ulmer is still on a high from taking gold at the Olympics in world record time. She is back at the Olympic village and still cannot believe the number of New Zealanders at the velodrome to cheer her on.
Lleyton Hewitt strong first serve and excellent court coverage ended the best week of Gilles Muller #39;s career. Hewitt beat the Luxembourg player 6-3, 6-4 Sunday in the final of the Legg Mason Tennis Classic.
Chantelle Newbery became the first Australian to win the Olympic women #39;s platform diving title with a clearcut victory in the final on Sunday.
BRONX, New York (Ticker) -- Kelvim Escobar was the latest Anaheim Angels #39; pitcher to subdue the New York Yankees. Escobar pitched seven strong innings and Bengie Molina tied a career-high with four hits, including 
(Aug. 22, 2004) -- The Miami Dolphins desperately needed a receiver. The Chicago Bears desperately needed a defensive end. But take a closer look, and it seems clear that the Bears came out on top in the deal -- by a lot.
AP - Chicago Cubs pitcher Kerry Wood, manager Dusty Baker and Houston Astros pitcher Roy Oswalt were ejected Sunday during the NL Central rivals' final game of a three-game series.
An impressive century by opening batsman Salman Butt helped Pakistan notch up their first tour win with a 43-run victory over a Cricket Australia Chairman #39;s XI at Lilac Hill in Perth.
So Paula Radcliffe is mortal, and probably now destined never to win an Olympic gold medal. For the past two years she has run like a goddess inexorably heading towards Athens glory.
Stefan Holm of Sweden won the Olympic high jump Sunday, clearing 7 feet, 8 inches (2.36 meters) as Sweden took three gold medals in the first two days of competition.
AP - Eric Hinske and Vernon Wells homered, and the Toronto Blue Jays completed a three-game sweep of the Baltimore Orioles with an 8-5 victory Sunday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Justin Gatlin shot to victory  in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of  fevered excitement.
America's Justin Gatlin runa the race of his life, barely holding off the field Sunday to win the 100 meters in 9.85 seconds.
Miguel Tejada went 4 for 5 with a homer, three doubles and five RBI for the Orioles, but it could not prevent the O's from being swept by the now hot-hitting Blue Jays, 8-5, on Sunday.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American Justin Gatlin shot to victory  in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of  fevered excitement.
The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots, the suffering returned, too.
ATHENS - Lauryn Williams never heard of Yuliya Nesterenko until this weekend. The same might be said about the Belarussian #39;s knowledge of the 20-year-old American.
American Justin Gatlin shot to victory in the Olympic 100 meters final on Sunday in an atmosphere of fevered excitement. Gatlin flew across the line in 9.85 seconds, one 
Many athletes exude ideals of Games, from embraces in the pool to a fencing timeout. By Mark Sappenfield  Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor.
After years of sacrificing, athletes don #39;t come to the Olympics to put self-interest aside; they come to be No. 1. Get all of today #39;s headlines, or alerts on specific topics.
ATHENS, Greece - Lithuanian guard Sarunas Jasikevicius, whose off-target three-pointer kept his team from pulling off the biggest upset of the Sydney Olympics, didnt miss when it counted on Saturday night against the Americans in a thrilling 94-90 
Southern stars: 3000 metres women #39;s pursuit gold medallist Sarah Ulmer, right, hug #39;s Australia #39;s silver medallist Katie Mactier after beating her in a record breaking final.
Sri Lankas emphatic victory over the South Africans must count among the finest in their cricketing history. Graeme Smiths side were taken apart with the efficiency of crew changing tyres at a car race.
Spaniard Sete Gibernau cruised to his third win of the season in the Czech MotoGP Grand Prix on Sunday, holding off a tough challenge from championship leader Valentino Rossi.
AP - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer, Moises Alou also homered and the Chicago Cubs beat the Houston Astros 11-6 on Sunday in the testy conclusion of a three-game series between the NL Central rivals.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - All-round champion Paul Hamm's Olympic  fortunes took a downward turn on Sunday when he was outdone by  the mastery of Kyle Shewfelt and Teng Haibin in the men's  apparatus finals.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Andre Agassi has withdrawn  from the TD Waterhouse Cup, starting on Monday on Long Island,  citing fatigue.
ATHENS Justin Gatlin of the United States held off a late charge by Francis Obikwelu, a Nigerian-born Portuguese, on Sunday to win one of the fastest 100-meter finals in Olympic history.
ATHENS The marathon was inspired by suffering, and on the day an event that is as much a test of character as a test of endurance returned to its Olympic roots and the evocative marble horseshoe that is Panathanaiko stadium, the suffering returned, too.
ATHENS Capping a perfect year, Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand set a stunning world record and won Olympic gold to add to her world title in the three-kilometer pursuit on Sunday.
MOSCOW Russia #39;s Svetlana Khorkina, who was second to Carly Patterson of the United States in the women #39;s all-round gymnastics competition, has accused the judges of robbing her of the gold medal, saying  quot;everything was decided in advance.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States ran their preliminary  round record to a perfect 5-0 with a 100-62 drubbing of China  at the women's Olympic basketball tournament on Sunday,  remaining on course for a third consecutive gold medal.
Bengie Molina went 4-for-4 with a three-run homer, Kelvim Escobar outpitched Kevin Brown and the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game sweep.
The 17-day Olympic Games passed the halfway point this weekend, and the best news on the security front was that there was no news at all.
Semifinals - Saturday, August 21 ----- Ryan Moore (1) def. Jeff Overton (20), 2 and 1 Luke List (6) def. Chris Nallen (10), 19 Holes.
Brad Radke pitched seven strong innings while Torii Hunter had three hits and three RBIs as the Twins knocked down the Indians again with a 7-3 victory Sunday.
Nuwan Zoysa ripped through South Africa #39;s upper order to power Sri Lanka to a 37-run victory in the second One Day International in Colombo.
AP - Fiorentina, Atalanta, Messina and Livorno all won their first-round matches of the Italian Cup on Sunday, stepping closer to qualification for the next round.
LLEYTON HEWITT further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the Washington Open today.
CHAMPION Kiwi cyclist Sarah Ulmer denied Victorian Katie Mactier the Olympic Games 3000m individual pursuit gold medal today by smashing the world record.
Britain finally struck gold at the Athens Games. Germany lost two golds but won one more in equestrian. Swimming events concluded and track and field heated up on day eight.
LONDON, AUGUST 22: Arsenal equalled Nottingham Forests 42-match unbeaten league record in heart-stopping style on Sunday when the Premier League champions roared back from 1-3 down to beat Middlesbrough 5-3 at Highbury.
The Cardinals may or may not ever see the dominant Matt Morris of 2001 ever again, the pitcher who finished third in Cy Young balloting and was the undisputed No.
Justin Gatlin of the United States became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games here on Sunday.
Reuters - Bengie Molina had four hits, including\a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game\series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on\Sunday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep with a 4-3 win over the New York Yankees on  Sunday.
JAPAN #39;S Mizuki Noguchi foiled premature British celebrations to win the women #39;s marathon today, beating world record-holder and scorching favourite Paula Radcliffe.
NICOLAS MASSU: Yeah, I think it #39;s  I #39;m so happy and I cannot believe this. Is too much in two days to win two medals, gold medals.
The United States crashed to its second defeat in the Olympic men #39;s basketball tournament Saturday when a late shooting spree by Sarunas Jasikevicius propelled Lithuania to a 94-90 victory.
There were a couple of near misses for Australia on the second night of track cycling competition, with a silver medal to Brad McGee in the 4000m individual pursuit and fourth place to the team sprint trio.
Moments after the women #39;s Olympic 100-meter final last night, US sprinter Lauryn Williams looked up at the giant scoreboard in Olympic Stadium and saw an inspiring image, captured 
AMERICAN Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive title of the year today, beating second seed Vera Zvonareva 6-3 6-2 in the final of the Cincinnati Open.
Arsenal equaled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-match unbeaten league record by battling back from 3-1 down to beat Middlesbrough 5-3 at Highbury, with French international striker Thierry Henry scoring twice.
BROOKLYN, Mich. (SportsTicker) - Greg Biffle took over the lead with 17 laps left and held off teammate Mark Martin to win the NASCAR Nextel Cup Series GFS Marketplace 400 at Michigan International Speedway on Sunday.
AP - Chipper Jones' three-run homer capped an eight-run second inning, J.D. Drew hit a two-run double and the Atlanta Braves beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-1 on Sunday for a split of the four-game series.
If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority Sunday at the NEC Invitational, never letting anyone within two shots and becoming the first wire-to-wire winner this year on the PGA Tour.
Chantelle Newbery has jumped into sporting history by winning Australias first Olympic diving gold medal since 1924 in the women #39;s 10 metre platform in Athens.
AP - Carl Pavano pitched six solid innings, hit a home run and drove in two runs to lead the Florida Marlins to an 8-3 win over the San Diego Padres on Sunday.
Chantelle Newbery gave up diving after her son was born, but she returned to the sport, and on Monday morning she became the first Australian to win an Olympic diving title in 80 years.
Stewart Cink maintained his composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on Sunday, his second win of the season.
Justin Gatlin of the US ran the fastest time in the world this year to become the youngest Olympic 100 meters champion for 36 years.
Arsenal matched Nottingham Forest #39;s record of 42 consecutive league games without defeat at Highbury on Sunday afternoon after defeating a stubborn Middlesbrough side in an extraordinary eight goal thriller.
Paul Hamm had hoped to continue the American gymnastics carnival at the Olympics Games on Sunday. Instead, as well as facing a battle to hold onto the individual gold that 
World record holder Paula Radcliffe pulled up in tears before the end of the women #39;s marathon today as Mizuki Noguchi ensured the gold medal would be returning to Japan.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
ATHENS - Ten seconds. Barely time enough to tie a shoe, wash a glass, get the paper off the porch. But when the moment comes, and eight men kneel at their blocks and peer down the empty, waiting track, it is as if the entire Olympics stop to watch.
WASHINGTON: Luxembourg #39;s Gilles Muller stunned top-seeded Andre Agassi 6-4, 7-5 to reach the final of the Washington Classic on Saturday, depriving the American veteran an opportunity of picking up a sixth victory at this event.
Try telling Arsenal the Premiership is a marathon not a sprint. The champions have come out of the blocks at an extraordinary pace, racking up nine goals in two games and 
Cliches and elbows were out in force yesterday.  quot;I honestly didn #39;t see it, quot; said Celtic manager Martin O #39;Neill, but Caley coach John Robertson did.
Although Dario Franchitti was criticized for making the jump to the IRL from the former CART series, his decision is starting to look like a good one.
 AKRON, Ohio (Reuters) - Stewart Cink maintained his  composure to register an even par final round score of 70 for a  four-shot victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC Invitational on  Sunday, his second win of the season.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Veterans Adriana Behar and Shelda Bede  beat Sandra Pires and Ana Paula Connelly in an all-Brazil  women's beach volleyball contest on Sunday, showing experience  counts as they advanced to the Olympic semi-finals.
SARAH ULMER gave New Zealand its first ever Olympic cycling gold medal and only their second gold of the Athens Games overnight. And she broke her own world record for the women #39;s 3km individual pursuit.
The executive board of the IOC will meet at 5am for the second day running, this time to take away the women #39;s shot put gold medal from Russian Irina Korzhanenko.
The other gutsy gelding in the field ruined Funny Cide #39;s homecoming Sunday at Saratoga. Evening Attire, a 6-year-old gelding, ended a year of frustration by returning 
Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in Houston on Sunday.
Luke Donald made an early charge in a late bid to make his first Ryder Cup team, but now must wait one week to see if European captain Bernhard Langer finds him worthy of a captain #39;s pick.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - American Andre Agassi has withdrawn  from the TD Waterhouse Cup, starting in Long Island on Monday,  citing fatigue.
Greg Biffle drove to an easy victory, pulling away from gambling teammate Mark Martin at the end of the Nascar Nextel Cup race Sunday in Michigan.
American Justin Gatlin roared from virtual unknown to win the blue ribband Olympic men #39;s 100 meters race on Sunday, upstaging defending champion Maurice Greene and other more illustrious rivals.
Indianapolis Colts wide receiver Troy Walters might need surgery on his broken right arm that he injured in Saturday #39;s night preseason game against the New York Jets.
Trevor Graham, the coach of Olympic 100 meters champion Justin Gatlin, admitted on Monday he had been the unidentified coach who sent a syringe of the designer steroid THG (tetrahydrogestrinone) to the United States Anti-Doping Agency 
Japan #39;s Mizuki Noguchi captured the gold medal in the women #39;s marathon at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 22. Noguchi, silver medalist in last year #39;s world championships in Paris, took over the lead 
AP - David Hearn of Canada earned his first Nationwide Tour victory Sunday, closing with a 1-under 71 and beating David Mckenzie by a stroke at the Alberta Classic.
I wrote down my picks before the race started and I had them in this order: Asafa Powell, Shawn Crawford, and Maurice Greene. I picked Justin Gatlin for fourth.
The former mile world record holder Steve Cram claimed last night that Paula Radcliffe should not be considered  quot;a quitter quot; for failing to complete the marathon in Athens yesterday.
ATHENS - The Colombian judge suspended for giving South Korea #39;s Yang Tae-young an incorrect score in the Olympic men #39;s all-round event lives in gold medallist Paul Hamm #39;s home state, International Gymnast magazine reported on Sunday.
ne bad breaking ball did in the Yankees yesterday. Usually, one mistake does not cost them so dearly, but the Yankees are not usually scrounging for hits either.
Nextel Cup and NASCAR are registered trademarks of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. This web site is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by NASCAR.
AP - A state grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, according to a published report.
STEWART CINK cruised to a comfortable four-shot win at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio today. Cink started the day with a five-shot cushion and, while it wasn #39;t all smooth sailing, Rory Sabbatini was the 
South Africa coach Eric Simons is considering resigning because of the team #39;s poor performances in Sri Lanka. South Africa drew the first Test but lost the second by 313 runs and they have already been defeated in the first one-day international.
Roy Oswalt received the backing of his teammates when it looked like Michael Barrett was heading toward the mound for an unfriendly visit.
ATHENS, Greece -- Greek  quot;sirtaki quot; music that starts slow and finishes fast whipped the Olympic Stadium audience into a frenzy Sunday night before the most exciting 10 seconds in sports.
ith half the preseason over and the annual ritual of facing the Giants looming, the Jets seem to possess a powerful offense, but their now-speedy defense is still having trouble halting the run.
AP - Three got medals, and Paul Hamm got mad. The United States upped its gymnastics medal haul to seven Sunday night, the most since the Americans won 16 at the boycotted Los Angeles Games in 1984. And they might not be finished yet.
Somehow, Nicolas Massu of Chile summoned the strength and the shots to win his second gold medal of the Olympic Games. That is twice as many medals as the entire United States tennis team won.
When Justin Gatlin became entangled in the drug-testing net three years ago, he managed to wriggle out of it on the grounds of suffering from Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder.
FOUNTAIN, Colo. (SportsTicker) - It appears Dario Franchitti is getting the hang of the Indy Racing League. Franchitti dominated Sunday #39;s Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway for his second IRL win of the season.
Stewart Cink closed with an even-par 70 to beat Tiger Woods and Rory Sabbatini by four strokes Sunday at the NEC Invitational, becoming the first wire-to-wire winner on the PGA Tour this year.
AP - Once considered a rebuilding project, the Carolina Panthers' offensive line has become a concern as injuries mount.
AP - Danny Leon hit a two-run homer, and Tyler Carp and John Lister added solo homers to lead Conejo Valley Little League to a 9-2 victory over Morganton, N.C., on Sunday in the Little League World Series.
AP - Rookie Vaughn Taylor claimed his first PGA Tour victory Sunday, rolling in an 11-foot birdie putt on the first extra hole to win a four-way playoff at the Reno-Tahoe Open.
Justin Gatlin became the fastest man in the world after winning the men #39;s 100 meters dash at the 28th Olympic Games Sunday evening.
South Korea confirmed yesterday they will lodge an appeal with sport #39;s supreme legal body over scoring errors at the Olympic gymnastics tournament which robbed them of a gold medal.
The Russian who made history when she became the first woman to win a gold medal at the sacred site of ancient Olympia has tested positive for an anabolic steroid.
CINCINNATI (Ohio): American Lindsay Davenport advanced to the final of the WTA Cincinnati Open on Saturday after Frances Marion Bartoli pulled out with a blister on her right hand.
It was not enough for Arsenal to make their mark by pulling level with Nottingham Forest #39;s record of 42 League matches undefeated.
The red hot Angels completed their first sweep of the Yankees since the 1999 season with a 4-3 win, their fifth straight, Sunday in New York.
If Roone Arledge invented the modern TV Olympics, Dick Ebersol has imploded it. Everyone wants to watch the Olympics, but they're just too unwatchable -- too much, too fragmented, too staged, too jingoistic, too hyped, too commercialized, too long, too &lt;em&gt;everything&lt;/em&gt;. The Olympics no longer feel Olympian. They feel like a sweeps-week sports reality show.
&lt;em&gt; Dean Cain has spent much of his life in a uniform. He's done time as an all-American safety at Princeton (where he established a since-broken single-season Division I-AA record for interceptions), an undrafted free agent with the Buffalo Bills (before a preseason knee injury ended his football career), a sportsman of the future (in the aptly named movie "Futuresport") and an iconic superhero (in television's "Lois and Clark: The New Adventures of Superman"). Next up is a set of pinstripes -- Cain plays star third baseman Conrad Dean in the CBS drama "Clubhouse," which is scheduled to debut next month. &lt;/em&gt;
Australian Lleyton Hewitt has claimed his third title of the year with victory in the Legg Mason Classic in Washington. The South Australian No.
DAN WHELDON: Especially following last week, it was one of the most challenging races of the year. The flag was just changing completely the whole day.
Because of setbacks in his training, Funny Cide didn #39;t have the chance to run in the Travers Stakes last summer after he won the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness Stakes.
NBC #39;s Olympic track and field production and announcing unit needed just three days of competition to show it is one of the network #39;s best groups in Athens.
Barry Bonds lounged in his personal leather recliner, watching his personal big-screen television, flanked by three of his devoted handlers.
The Mets attacked Barry Bonds as if they had a brand-new scouting report on him, and he basically deposited it in McCovey Cove.
Russian Olympic shot put champion Irina Korzhanenko will lose her gold medal after testing positive for a banned steroid, the head of the Russian Olympic Committee #39;s anti-doping body said overnight.
Last week at Kentucky Speedway, 41-year-old Adrian Fernandez became just the second driver older than 30 to win a race this season.
On aqua-colored walls and giant blue columns, Patricia Miranda saw all she needed to see. The message was written in white inside Ano Liossia Olympic Hall, even next to the wrestling mats in case anyone forgot.
Ryan Moore staged a remarkable comeback to overhaul Luke List in the 36-hole final of the US amateur championship at the Winged Foot Golf Club on Sunday.
Sarah Ulmer won New Zealand #39;s first Olympic cycling gold medal Sunday, shaving almost two more seconds off the world mark she set Saturday in the women #39;s individual pursuit.
ATHENS - Paula Radcliffe #39;s entrance to the Panathinaiko Stadium was not supposed to have been like this. For four years she has dreamed of setting the final garland on an honour-strewn career by arriving at 
AP - Catriona Matthew rolled in a short par putt on the first playoff hole to beat defending champion Hee-Won Han and win the Wendy's Championship for Children on Sunday.
If you live for the mens 100 meters and figure that once its over, the rest of the Olympic track meet is just a lot of people from places you couldnt find on a map 
ATHENS -- Conquering sweltering heat and a grueling course over steep hills, Japanese long-distance runner Mizuki Noguchi steamed ahead to win the women #39;s marathon gold medal at the Athens Olympic Games on Sunday.
From the Latin, the Olympic motto is:  quot;Faster. Higher. Stronger. quot; It says nothing about  quot;Beauty. Harmony. Emotion. quot; Yet those values, promoted by the International Gymnastics Federation, help explain the scandal 
LLEYTON Hewitt will take on unheralded Gilles Muller of Luxembourg in the final of the Legg Mason Classic in Washington today . Muller played the match of his life in his semi-final yesterday to down Andre Agassi 6-4 7-5.
Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant but he got his numbers terribly wrong yesterday. The American sharpshooter was just one shot away from a second Olympic gold medal when he fired at the wrong target in the final round.
Reuters - Bengie Molina had four hits, including\a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game\series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority Sunday at the NEC Invitational.
The 27-year-old ran a personal best of 9.85 seconds - one hundredth of a second outside the Olympic record - to strike gold as five men ran under 10 seconds.
DEVASTATED Paula Radcliffe was led out of the ancient Panathinaiko Stadium with only tears for souvenirs as her Olympic dream lay in tatters on an Athens roadside.
AKRON : American Stewart Cink captured his second title of the year with a wire-to-wire win at the US\$7 million World Golf Championship Invitational on Sunday.
Australia #39;s Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller to capture the \$US500,000 (\$A692,377) Washington Open.
When Annia Hatch was 17, her homeland of Cuba refused to send her to the 1996 Olympics even though she had won the country #39;s first world championship medal earlier that year.
Art Howe stood behind his desk, looked down at his folded scorecard and scratched his head as he gazed at all the scribblings and crossed-out names that made the card look like a 2-year-old #39;s afternoon art project.
Greg Biffle, driving the  quot;Flash quot;-blazoned National Guard Ford, led 73 of the 200 laps Sunday to take his second career win in NASCAR NEXTEL Cup racing.
AP - American defender Steve Cherundolo scored the second goal of the game in the 53rd minute Sunday, helping Hannover 96 to a 3-0 victory at VfR Neumuenster in the first round of the German Cup.
Seeking to put a simmering gymnastics scoring controversy to rest, gold medalist Paul Hamm said Sunday that he is the legitimate Olympic all-around champion.
If the Giants #39; 12-inning loss to New York on Saturday was a grand, tragic opera, Sunday #39;s game was  quot;The Minute Waltz, quot; a blithe romp on the grass that brought cheer inside the clubhouse not only for its outcome, but its brevity.
Never mind that after only two NFL seasons Brian Westbrook #39;s medical dossier includes notations on a couple of sprained ankles, wrist surgery and an operation only seven months ago to stitch 
Chipper Jones #39; three-run homer capped an eight-run second inning, JD Drew hit a two-run double and the Atlanta Braves beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 10-1 on Sunday for a split of the four-game series.
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Another Olympic medallist has been stripped of a medal after failing a doping test. Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko will lose her shot put gold medal after testing positive for the steroid stanozolol 
CBC SPORTS ONLINE - Just hours after Justin Gatlin stunned the world by winning Olympic gold in the 100 metres, his coach made a surprise admission on Sunday, revealing he was the anonymous source that sparked a doping investigation that rocked the world 
JAMAICA #39;S ASAFA Powell, a hot favourite for a medal in the men #39;s 100 metres, ran his worst race of the 2004 Olympic Games last night to finish fifth in the final at the Athens Olympic Stadium.
In less than 20 hours, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu fought his way to gold in men #39;s singles and doubles tennis. Four years ago the 24-year-old Chilean carried his county #39;s flag into the opening ceremonies in Sydney.
Captain Patrick Vieira predicted a terrific future at Arsenal as the club moved within touching distance of setting a new unbeaten league record.
Silver for the women #39;s quad yesterday sealed Britain #39;s biggest Olympic rowing tally since 1928, which they matched with a gold, two silvers and a bronze.
com. But Moore, the reigning NCAA Division I champion from UNLV, roared back over the last four holes to overtake List and win the championship 2-up.
Mizuki Noguchi won the women #39;s marathon at the Athens Games, holding off world champion Catherine Ndereba of Kenya to earn Japan the title for the second straight Olympics.
Not long after sunrise yesterday, Lauryn Williams woke up and had some breakfast. And, with that, the normalcy ended. Before noon, she was at the Olympic complex 
When it #39;s typed up and aligned just so and stuck in the PGA Tour media guide someday, Ryan Moore #39;s resume may rank among the best in the book.
This was not one for the books. It was one for the looks. How many times had Sara McMann seen the look? She would tell people she was a wrestler, and their eyebrows would 
The conditions were ideal for a successful Saratoga debut for its native son Funny Cide, but the Spa #39;s reputation as the Graveyard of Favorites prevailed again.
Wolf Wigo was 27, earning well into six figures as an options trader in San Francisco, when Ratko Rudic invaded his life. It was 2001, a year after the Sydney Olympics, where 
It appears Dario Franchitti of Scotland is getting the hang of it in the Indy Racing League. Franchitti dominated Sunday #39;s Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway for his second IRL win of the season.
THE Yankees #39; final seven at-bats yesterday defined their current state. Gary Sheffield homered and was followed by six meek outs in 11 pitches.
Sarunas Jasikevicius is just another international nobody who is too slow and too anchored to the floor to play in the NBA. He is not what we want, not our style.
ATHENS, GREECE - The tattoo on Maurice Greene #39;s biceps reads GOAT That stands for Greatest Of All Time. It was 22-year-old Justin Gatlin who blazed to victory in the heavyweight event of the Olympic Games, winning 
LOS ANGELES - The Atlanta Braves have won 12 consecutive division titles by reloading, rather than rebuilding. They #39;ve done it this season with Jaret Wright and JD Drew.
In many Olympics competitions winners and losers are determined by less than a fraction of a point and even the slightest error in scoring can set back an athlete from the gold to the bronze.
Stewart Cink was amused by television analysts who speculated which two players US captain Hal Sutton was going to pick for the Ryder Cup, especially when his name only came up once.
DAVIE - A day after he was traded to the Chicago Bears, defensive end Adewale Ogunleye said Dolphins General Manager Rick Spielman showed a  quot;lack of class quot; by continually denying that he would trade him to another team.
AKRON, Ohio -- The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team led at Firestone from start to finish. Where: Shanty Creek Resort, Bellaire (Legend and Cedar River courses).
Carl Lewis, who won the Olympic 100 meters in 1988 after Ben Johnson was thrown out for using steroids, said Justin Gatlin and Yuliya Nesterenko #39;s sprint victories weren #39;t dimmed by doping scandals that dwindled the fields.
CHICAGO -- Every day you see a little more evidence on the side of the Red Sox, the team that traded a Boston legend for two people most noted for their glove work.
ATHENS, Greece -- Matt Emmons hit just about everything he aimed at Sunday. And it cost him his second gold medal. The US shooter had a commanding lead in the Olympic 50-meter three-position rifle competition 
Someone forgot to inform the US Olympic basketball team that it was sent to Athens to try to win a gold medal, not to embarrass its country.
NEW YORK -- Troy Glaus has been out of touch with the Anaheim Angels since having right shoulder surgery May 21. That will change this week, when the club might determine whether the third baseman will play in September.
A year ago, gymnasts Courtney Kupets and Annia Hatch wondered if injuries would prevent them from ever competing again. Last night in Athens, they not only competed, but they also excelled on the biggest stage of them all.
Mardy Fish figured he eventually would see Nicolas Massu lying on the court. Just not as part of his postmatch celebration. After three sets, Massu was staggering 
Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport claimed her fourth consecutive championship on Sunday with a 6-3, 6-2 victory over second-seeded Vera Zvonareva in the Western and Southern Women #39;s Open in Mason, Ohio.
In a season filled with false starts and unfulfilled promise, the Angels know better than to get too excited at one weekend of achievement.
ATHENS - Greece woke up to the Olympics last night, the spirit as it swayed to the music of Zorba #39;s Dance in the Olympic Stadium so infectious, so tantalizing that the finalists in the 100 meters joined in, acting more like dancers than runners minutes 
Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko was stripped of her shot put gold medal Monday, the first athlete of these games to lose an Olympic title because of doping.
A grand jury has handed down an indictment regarding the use of prostitutes to entice football recruits to the University of Colorado, The Denver Post reported yesterday.
AP - Darren Sharper is upset about the NFL's crackdown on pass interference.
AP - Minnesota at Texas (8:05 p.m. EDT). Johan Santana (13-6) starts for the AL Central-leading Twins against Kenny Rogers (15-5).
 ATHENS (Reuters) - American sprinter Justin Gatlin won the  closest Olympic 100 meters in history as the fastest men on  earth staged a sporting spectacle that thrilled the world.
ATHENS -- In one of the greatest 100-meter races in history, in a packed stadium rocking with emotion, Justin Gatlin of the United States bolted to an Olympic gold medal last night in front of a fiercely energized field that set a new standard of sprinting excellence.
ATHENS -- They are the most important 10 seconds, or thereabouts, the Olympic Games have to offer.
ATHENS -- They'd been here so many times before with gilded dreams -- in Mexico City, in Munich, in Montreal, in Los Angeles, in Seoul, in Barcelona, in Atlanta, and four years ago in Sydney. And every time, they had to listen to someone else's anthem.
Bengie Molina went 4 for 4 with a three-run homer, Kelvim Escobar outpitched Kevin Brown, and the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game sweep of the slumping Yankees with a 4-3 victory yesterday in New York.
Danny Leon hit a two-run homer, and Tyler Carp and John Lister added solo homers to lead California (1-0) to a 9-2 victory over North Carolina (1-1) yesterday in the Little League World Series at South Williamsport, Pa. The runs came quickly. California batted around in the third inning to take a 6-0 lead. Leon's shot to center and Lister's ...
Barry Bonds hit a two-run homer in the first inning to support a strong effort by Kirk Rueter and help the Giants beat the New York Mets, 3-1, yesterday in San Francisco.
Kirk Rueter of the Giants pitched seven innings of five-hit ball, his longest outing since May 7. Larry Walker hit his second grand slam in five days for the Cardinals. Shortstop Jerry Gil became the 48th player to suit up for the Diamondbacks, a club record. Barry Bonds of the Giants scored his 100th run for the 12th straight season. ...
CHICAGO -- It's hard enough trying to hit a 5-ounce sphere hurtling toward the plate at 90-something miles an hour. For David Ortiz , it's even harder trying to do it batting fourth in the Red Sox lineup, although he didn't have much trouble last night.
Nomar Garciaparra was scratched from the starting lineup for the second straight day yesterday as his Chicago Cubs beat the Astros, 11-6, in Houston.
CHICAGO -- The baseball gods appeared to smile on the Red Sox last night as they opened the finale of their weekend series in the Windy City. The Rangers already had lost to the Royals, giving the Sox a half-game edge in the American League wild-card race. And the Yankees had fallen to the Angels, closing the gap in the ...
After New England's 31-3 loss to the Bengals in Cincinnati Saturday night, Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was asked if he took solace in the fact that, over the last few seasons, his team has had a penchant for overcoming adversity.
If anyone had questions about Stewart Cink being chosen for the US Ryder Cup team, he answered them with authority yesterday at the NEC Invitational in Akron, Ohio, never letting anyone get closer than two shots and becoming the first wire-to-wire winner this year on the PGA Tour.
Justin Gatlin wants to be a new face of track and field. Maurice Greene doesn #39;t want his face to be forgotten. Both should agree on one thing.
ATHENS, Greece -- Deena Kastor conquered the rugged hills of the ancient course that gave the marathon its name, somehow marshaling the energy to pull from eighth to third in the final few miles Sunday and earn the first US marathon medal in 20 years.
ATHENS, Greece -- The winner of Wednesday #39;s women #39;s shot put has been stripped of her gold medal after failing a drugs test after the competition.
ATHENS, Greece -- Wouldn #39;t that have been great? Paul Hamm, the man with the tarnished gold medal in the gymnastics all-around event earlier this week, coming out Sunday night and saying,  quot;The right and honorable 
With Mardy Fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
Arsenal striker Thierry Henry believes that the Gunners should receive some sort of silverware for their unbeaten record. Sunday #39;s 5-3 win over Middlesbrough equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run.
Matt Hemingway, who qualified for his first Olympics on his third try and once quit high jumping because he was  quot;burned out, quot; made sure his first Olympic experience was one to remember.
The Jacksonville Jaguars released defensive end Tony Brackens yesterday after the team #39;s all-time sack leader struggled this preseason with the latest in a string of leg injuries.
Ryan Moore of Puyallup capped one of the greatest individual summers of amateur golf in the sport #39;s history yesterday by coming from behind to win the US Amateur.
Mike Timlin #39;s reaction when he saw Manny Ramirez slip on Ben Davis #39;s routine fly ball was probably no different than yours was last night.
She has persuaded her father that wrestling is worthy of her time and her passion. The conversion took years, but it is now complete.
Paula Radcliffe will bounce back from her Athens marathon nightmare and make one last bid for Olympic glory in Beijing, according to David Bedford.
Outsider Athanasia Tsoumeleka snatched the women #39;s Olympic 20km race walk title after a thrilling finish to give hosts Greece their first athletics gold of the Games.
The United States had been confident of coming away from the first Olympic women #39;s wrestling tournament with the maximum four medals.
The Philadelphia Barrage had not advanced to the postseason since Major League Lacrosse was formed in 2001. They won only one game last season.
Sarah Ulmer of New Zealand continued her dominance of pursuit racing yesterday, breaking her world record to win the Olympic gold medal in the 3,000-meter pursuit.
Greg Biffle drove to an easy victory, pulling away from gambling teammate Mark Martin late in the race to win the GFS Marketplace 400 Nextel Cup race at Michigan International Speedway yesterday.
ATHENS -- The tears rolled down the bruised cheek of Devin Vargas last night. They were not there because his injured left knee was throbbing, although it was. Vargas cried for a dream, and a fight, lost.
ATHENS -- A year ago in Anaheim, Calif., they were out of uniform and on crutches, their world meet over before it began, their careers in doubt. Annia Hatch had dislocated her left knee and torn her anterior cruciate ligament. Courtney Kupets had ruptured her left Achilles' tendon. Last night, they were both on the Olympic medal stand with medals ...
ATHENS -- The day after, as the US regrouped from another loss and looked ahead to the medal round, the name of Sarunas Jasikevicius still resonated. The Lithuanian point guard torched the Yanks for 28 points in a 94-90 victory Saturday night. He is leading the Olympics in assists. He is ninth in scoring. He is clearly a take-charge, take-no-prisoners ...
ATHENS -- Matt Hemingway gambled in the men's high jump last night, passing on the fourth height of the competition (7 feet 6 inches) to save himself for later. He easily cleared his next two jumps to take the silver.
ATHENS -- Matt Emmons was focusing on staying calm. He should have been focusing on the right target.
ATHENS -- Gail Devers stared straight ahead, her eyes focused on the first hurdle.  quot;I was trying to block it out, quot; she said later.
ATHENS -- With Mardy Fish leading two sets to one against an opponent who seemed to be weakening and perhaps coming up lame, the gold medal match was his to lose yesterday.
ATHENS -- LeBron James, Carmelo Anthony, and a couple of their Olympic teammates made it over to watch last night's women's game between the United States and China. They saw a team shoot well, pass well, rebound well, and dominate -- everything they are not doing so far.
The Italian will be pushing 100 for himself and the team at this weekend's Belgian Grand Prix in Spa Francorchamps.
Sports fan Jarno Trulli got a rare privilege this week as he visited the Olympics in Athens, as a guest of PUMA.
The galleries at Winged Foot Golf Club reached a tournament-high yesterday for the dramatic 36-hole final at the US Amateur. But Bill Rose, chairman of the championship, said the event would not be a financial success.
ATHENS, Greece -- A Greek soldier has been shot dead while on patrol at the Olympic mountain bike course near Athens, a government spokesman said on Monday.
FOUNTAIN, COLO. -- Although Dario Franchitti was criticized for making the jump to the Indy Racing League from the former CART series, his decision is starting to look like a good one.
A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens has been shot dead after apparently playing game of Russian roulette with a policeman, security sources say.
The Tall Blacks were eliminated from the medal round of the Athens Olympics on Monday after suffering a heartbreaking 88-84 loss to Spain.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by Olympic  doping scandals, went wild with delight Monday when Athanasia  Tsoumeleka won the women's 20 km walk to give the Olympic hosts  their first athletics gold medal.
Disgraced Olympic shot put championIrina Korzhanenko from Russia has been expelled from the Athens Games after failing a drugs test, the International Olympic Committee said on Monday.
Arsenal striker Thierry Henry says reaching their milestone on Sunday will mean nothing if they don #39;t win anything. The5-3 win over Middlesbrough equalled Nottingham Forest #39;s 42-game unbeaten League run, set 25 years ago.
Phillips Idowu dyed his hair red for the triple jump final last night and it proved prescient. Four times the Londoner was shown a red flag as he failed to make it into the final eight left to contend for the gold medal.
The New Zealand men #39;s basketball team came within four points of a chance of remaining in the medal hunt at the Olympics after a devastating 84-88 loss to Spain tonight.
The beach volleyball men #39;s pair of John Child and Mark Heese of Toronto dropped a quarter-final match yesterday to a Spanish duo, while Quebeckers Guylaine Dumont and Annie Martin lost in the women #39;s event, eliminating Canada from competition in the sport 
The Angels weren #39;t playing the same game as the Yankees this weekend. Not in the wide-angle sense of being a first-place team with the luxury of a comfortable lead.
Barry Bonds hit a two-run home run in the first inning to support a strong effort by Kirk Rueter and help the San Francisco Giants beat the visiting New York Mets 3-1 on Sunday.
Somehow, somewhere, Nicolas Massu of Chile summoned the strength and the shots to win his second gold medal of these Olympics. That #39;s twice as many medals as the star-studded US tennis team, led by Andy Roddick and Venus Williams, managed to win.
Dario Franchitti won the Indy Racing League race at Pikes Peak International Raceway at the weekend, his second consecutive victory and the Andretti Green Racing team #39;s seventh win in 12 races.
Athens -- Two of the greatest female track and field athletes in history crashed and burned within two minutes of each other on a dramatic Sunday night of competition at the Olympic Games.
ATHENS, Greece -- If international gymnastics is a brick house, the mortar holding it together is a conglomerate of finger-pointing, dubious judging, scandal, complaining and bald-faced weeping.
The last man picked for the Ryder Cup team, then first at Firestone from start to finish. No wonder Stewart Cink says his confidence is at an all-time high.
Paula Radcliffe is to have another medical check-up as a row brews over the marathon's scheduling.
Let me be clear here, since some self-righteous columnists who wouldn #39;t know a handstand from a night stand have entered the fray: Paul Hamm should not give up his gold medal.
Manager Paul Sturrock has left Southampton by mutual consent, becoming the first managerial victim of the season after only two Premiership games.
All the retirement talk has stalled for Lindsay Davenport. Eighteen straight wins, four consecutive tournament titles, and a personality and tennis game that have dominated this week #39;s Western  amp; Southern Women #39;s Open.
Arsenal striker Thierry Henry insists that winning trophies at the end of the season is more important than setting records at the start.
Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer as the Cubs beat the Astros 11-6 in a game with three ejections. In the third, Chicago #39;s Todd Walker hit a ground-rule double to score Corey Patterson.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Athanasia Tsoumeleka won Greece's first  athletics gold of the Olympic Games Monday with an upset  victory in the women's 20km walk.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Bengie Molina had four hits, including  a three-run homer, as the Anaheim Angels completed a three-game  series sweep of the New York Yankees with a 4-3 win on Sunday.
Minnesota Twins first baseman Justin Morneau of New Westminster, BC, was taken to a hospital for X-rays on his left hand after being hit by a pitch from Cleveland starter CC Sabathia in the sixth inning yesterday.
CHICAGO The surging Boston Red Sox won their sixth in a row by completing a weekend sweep of the Chicago White Sox 6-to-5. The game featured five home runs.
Justin Gatlin always wanted to make his mark on the world. But as a teenager the new Olympic 100 meters champion believed fame would come through art not sprinting.
HOUSTON - In a heated game between Central division rivals, the Cubs out slugged the Astros to take the rubber game of the three game series.
AP - Spain could have tanked its game against New Zealand, thereby eliminating European rival Serbia-Montenegro from medal contention. Instead, the Spaniards came to play Monday and won 88-84, knocking New Zealand out and keeping the defending world champions in medal contention.
ATHENS, Greece Aug. 23, 2004 - Allyson Felix led three American women into the second round of the 200 meters on Monday, posting the fastest time of 22.
: A police cadet faced charges in connection with the death of a Greek soldier on patrol near the Olympic mountain bike course here today.
COLIN MONTGOMERIE needs a Ryder Cup wild card after finishing only 70th and 58th in his last two tournaments. But Lee Westwood, certain of his place at Oakland Hills next month, feels the Scot is the man for the job.
Bergamo, Italy (Sports Network) - Serie A cellar dwellers Atalanta fired its coach Andrea Mandorlini after he failed to produce a victory in any of the club #39;s first 14 league matches this season.
ATHENS, Greece -- Paula Radcliffe #39;s emotional exit from the women #39;s marathon on Sunday was not due to an injury, the British Olympic team said on Monday.
THE CAL BEARS may have been a victim of their good sportsmanship. That #39;s the way it goes in big-time college football. No one knows for certain why Cal sank from fourth to fifth in the mysterious mix of computer 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Justin Gatlin always wanted to make his  mark on the world. But as a teenager the new Olympic 100 meters  champion believed fame would come through art not sprinting.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Svetlana Khorkina was expected to soar  into the record books at the Athens Olympics, making a glorious  exit from the international stage as the reigning queen of the  asymmetric bars.
 THESSALONIKI, Greece (Reuters) - Iraq's Olympic soccer  coach said Monday his side should not be seen as a symbol of  freedom, taking issue with a campaign commercial for President  Bush.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Athanasia Tsoumeleka won Greece's first  athletics gold of the Olympic Games Monday with an upset  victory in the women's 20km walk.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - In a feat that would have made ancient  alchemists green with envy, Chile's Fernando Gonzalez and  Nicolas Massu turned sweat, tears and raw desire into solid  gold at the Olympic Games.
AP - Justin Gatlin kept braving the North Carolina cold to keep practicing, keep working, keep chasing Olympic gold. He finally caught it Sunday night, outrunning the fastest field in Olympic history to become the youngest 100-meter champion in 36 years.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Matthew Emmons is a trained accountant  but he got his numbers terribly wrong on Sunday.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - Aramis Ramirez hit a three-run homer  as the Chicago Cubs survived the ejection of starting pitcher  Kerry Wood to defeat the Astros 11-6 in National League play in  Houston on Sunday.
Paula Radcliffe #39;s failure to add the Olympic marathon crown to her collection of achievements was not due to injury, the British team confirmed today.
Title contender Lithuania wrapped up its preliminary round matches with a 5-0 record by defeating Australia 100-85 on August 23 in the men #39;s basketball competition.
A mystery at the center of track and field #39;s biggest doping scandal has finally been solved. Top track coach Trevor Graham has admitted he was the coach who anonymously sent a syringe of THG to the US Anti 
Serious fun lit up the Olympics last night. A showdown among the swaggering gunslingers who populate the sprint community, celebrated by 72,000 spectators for a full 10 minutes prior 
The Everton board meeting to unveil details of a new investor has been postponed at the request of director Paul Gregg, chairman Bill Kenwrights rival for control of the club.
Russia #39;s Irina Korzhanenko, who won the Olympic shot put last Wednesday, was stripped of her gold medal Monday because of drug use.
HOUSTON - After being plunked between the shoulders, Michael Barrett offered a few words of advice for Roy Oswalt when the Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros meet again next week.
AP - The Americans got a taste of what it was like in the good ol' days, finally playing an opponent they were able to beat easily, routing Angola 89-53 on Monday in their final game of the Olympic men's basketball preliminary round. Tim Duncan finished with a team-high 15 points in limited minutes, and the Americans dominated the boards Barcelona-style with a 52-17 edge in rebounding.
A search of a warehouse used by the coach at the center of a doping scandal involving the country's star sprinters uncovered small amounts of anabolic steroids.
(Athens, Greece-AP) Aug. 23, 2004 - It appears the Court of Arbitration for Sport might not hear South Korea #39;s appeal of the gymnastics gold medal.
At 6:30 tonight, Poplar Bluff High (Mo.) forward Tyler Hansbrough will announce where he will go to college next fall. If Hansbrough picks the University of Kentucky, the Wildcats #39; coaching 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team got their  first comfortable win at the Olympic basketball tournament  Monday, routing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary  round game.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by Olympic  doping scandals, hailed an instant new heroine Monday when  Athanasia Tsoumeleka won the women's 20 km walk to give the  Olympic hosts their first athletics gold medal.
 LONDON (Reuters) - England striker Michael Owen says he is  looking forward to a "nerve-racking" new challenge after  leaving his comfortable life at Liverpool to join Real Madrid.
AP - The torch relay for the 2006 Turin Olympics will pass by the Leaning Tower of Pisa and go up Venice's Grand Canal in a route that will cover every province in Italy.
Lyon have suffered a major blow with the news that Giovane Elber will out of action for several months. The Brazilian striker was thought to have injured his ankle in the game against Metz, but further scans revealed the problem to be far more serious.
A tearful Paula Radcliffe has revealed she has no idea what went wrong in her failed bid for Olympic marathon gold. The Briton said fans deserved an explanation but was waiting for test results from a Monday 
AKRON, Ohio - Six days after US captain Hal Sutton added him to the Ryder Cup team, Steward Cink completed the best performance of his career by turning the final round of the NEC Invitational into a showcase of poise and putting.
How many other teams can make news by finishing two-a-day practices with a bar fight -- not to mention one in which some Thundering Herd knucklehead maybe gives a ticket to the festivities to a player on a team they #39;ll be playing next month?
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The U.S. men's basketball team got their  first comfortable win at the Olympic basketball tournament  Monday, routing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary  round game.
Stewart Cink erased a dreadful record of final-round meltdowns to win the WGC Invitational here on Sunday. The 31-year-old had previously led into the final round six times on the US PGA Tour, and had been beaten every time.
There is nothing that brings out more derisive comments and sneers along press row than the mention of the Blue Jays ranking second in the American League in team defence.
AP - What seemed like a meaningless birdie on the final hole of the NEC Invitational will ensure that Tiger Woods keeps his No. 1 world ranking at least one week longer.
The women #39;s gold medallist in shot put, Irina Korzhanenko, has been disqualified from the Olympics and stripped of her medal after testing positive for doping.
The US men #39;s basketball team finally got a convincing victory at the Olympic tournament on Monday, trouncing winless Angola 89-53 in their final preliminary round Group B match.
Michael Schumacher is poised to clinch his seventh world championship title in the grandest possible surroundings at this weekend #39;s Belgian Grand Prix.
It was only a hundredth of a second but Justin Gatlin said it felt like a hundred miles as he won the closest and possibly greatest 100 metres final in Olympic history on Sunday.
Southampton, England (Sports Network) - Southampton and manager Paul Sturrock have agreed to an amicable separation, effective immediately.
The German League Cup traditionally pits minnows against giants from the very first round. This season #39;s opening games showed once again that league status can mean nothing in knock-out competition.
American Bryan Clay took the lead through the first three events of the Olympic decathlon Monday. Allyson Felix of the United States also posted the fastest time in the opening round of the 200-meter dash, a 22.
David Coulthard has criticised the Belgian GP organisers for making modifications to the Spa-Francorchamps circuit without consulting F1 drivers.
Crushed by her failure to finish in the women #39;s marathon on Sunday, a shell-shocked Paula Radcliffe broke down twice again Monday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - Greece, shamed and angered by doping  scandals involving their two top sprinters and a medal-winning  weightlifter, hailed an unexpected new Olympic heroine Monday  in the form of a walker.
EVERTON #39;S path to financial stability hit a snag today with the postponement of a board meeting which was due to unveil their new Russian investor.
ATHENS, Greece - Ill trade you a Micronesia and Cayman Islands for that bobble head pin, said Linda Wade from her trading post at the Athens Olympic Sports Complex.
Birmingham manager Steve Bruce is confident Robbie Savage will not be hauled before any Football Association disciplinary panel following an elbow incident with Chelsea striker Mateja Kezman.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - Alexandre Despatie of Canada was the top qualifier as he moved into the semifinals of the men #39;s 3-meter springboard diving competition on Monday.
A Greek policeman is being questioned after a soldier providing Olympic security was shot dead, apparently after playing Russian roulette.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States softball team came  into Athens on a simple mission -- take home their third  straight gold medal or call the trip to the Olympics a failure.
The US Olympic Committee said it may support a duplicate gold medal in the men #39;s all-around gymnastics event, as South Korea said it would seek to overturn the scores that gave the title to American Paul Hamm.
A Greek soldier guarding an Olympic facility in Athens was shot dead Monday after apparently playing game of Russian roulette with a policeman, security sources said.
AP - Point guard Dez Willingham won't be back for his sophomore season at Kansas State, coach Jim Wooldridge said Monday.
As soon as Sandy Barbour arrived as Cal #39;s athletic director in September, she knew she would be judged by one criterion: Could she keep Jeff Tedford?
Birmingham City midfielder Robbie Savage has accepted a three-match ban after being charged by the Football Association (FA) on Monday with violent conduct for an alleged elbowing incident in a match at the weekend.
Point guard Dez Willingham won #39;t be back for his sophomore season at Kansas State, coach Jim Wooldridge said Monday. Willingham, who started 11 games last season, was not around for the start of classes last Wednesday.
Matt Williams #39; new-look side will now face World-Cup runners-up Australia twice in a schedule that features attractive internationals against Tri-Nations champions South Africa and increasingly competitive Japan.
Tears flowed for brave Paula Radcliffe as she explained why she crashed out of the Olympic marathon. Radcliffe wept as she said:  quot;I am hurting inside for myself so much.
Atalanta have appointed Delio Rossi as their new coach after yesterdays sacking of Andrea Mandorlini. The former Lecce boss has put pen to paper on a contract that will take him through to the end of the season.
AP - David Greene was a star from the moment he first took the field for No. 3 Georgia. David Pollack needed a little more time.
(CBS 5 NEWS) - The controversy surrounding steroid use in Major League Baseball could heat up today as the Players Union begins a week long meeting here in the valley.
Southampton head coach Steve Wigley is relishing the challenge of managing the club at the second time of asking. Wigley was a reluctant caretaker between Gordon Strachan #39;s departure and Paul Sturrock #39;s appointment.
Only a week after taking his maiden IRL victory, Adrian Fernandez was back on the podium after finishing a strong second in the Honda Indy 225.
The United States have routed Angola 89-53 in their final Olympic preliminary round men #39;s basketball game, but the reigning champions must wait to learn their opponent in Thursday #39;s quarter-finals.
ATHENS (CP) - Perdita Felicien of Pickering, Ont., and Angela Whyte of Edmonton each advanced to the 100-metre hurdles final. Felicien, one of Canada #39;s best hopes for a medal in Athens, won her heat in a time of 12.
An emotional Paula Radcliffe said today that she is mystified as to why, despite her thorough preparations, she was unable to complete yesterday #39;s marathon race.
ROWER Sally Robbins #39;s teammates are expected to face disciplinary action for publicly criticising her failure to complete the women #39;s eight final.
Bernie Ecclestone has attempted to shrug off Monday #39;s court ruling, which found in favour of the three banks holding a 75 per cent stake in Formula One, by making a substantial cash offer to the sport #39;s ten teams in an attempt to prevent a breakaway series 
While the world #39;s best athletes fight the noble Olympic battle in stadiums and pools, their fans storm the streets of Athens, turning the Greek capital into a huge international party every night.
AP - The only teenager on the U.S. women's soccer team gave the old vets a chance to leave with one last gold. Minutes after missing a wide-open net, Heather O'Reilly scored in the ninth minute of overtime Monday to give the United States a 2-1 victory over World Cup champion Germany and a place in Thursday's gold-medal game.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat world champions  Germany 2-1 in a fierce struggle Monday to reach the final of  the Olympic women's soccer tournament.
The gruelling trudge from Marathon to Athens killed a man, or so the legend goes. Yesterday, it trampled the spirit of women who dared to attempt it in the heat of Athens.
(Sports Network) - A pair of pitchers that rank in the top 10 in the Major Leagues in ERA face-off this evening, when Ben Sheets anchors the Milwaukee Brewers against Carlos Zambrano and the Chicago Cubs in the first of a three- game set at Wrigley Field.
Manhattan, KS (Sports Network) - Kansas State guard Dez Willingham will not return to the men #39;s basketball team for the upcoming season.
He appeared to catch Mateja Kezman in the face, but referee Barry Knight saw nothing wrong with the challenge. The FA gave Birmingham the option to accept the charge and face an immediate three-match suspension 
A FIERY backroom altercation with an athletics official just before the Olympic 100m final spurred Justin Gatlin to win gold out of anger in one of the fastest races in history.
The United States edged past world champions Germany in a dramatic 2-1 victory to seal their place in the women #39;s football final.
ATHENS, Greece - World champion Perdita Felicien and two United States runners reached the final of the 100-meter hurdles Monday, an event that lost Gail Devers to injury a day earlier.
 NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. Ryder Cup captain Hal Sutton said  Monday that Stewart Cink's victory at the \$7 million WGC-NEC  Invitational "proved to the world" he was an ideal wildcard  choice in the U.S. team.
Birmingham midfielder Robbie Savage has protested his innocence and insisted he did not deliberately elbow Chelseas Mateja Kezman during Saturdays Barclays Premiership clash at St Andrews.
The all-American matchup at the Olympic beach volleyball semifinals turned out to be no match at all. Top-ranked Misty May and Kerri Walsh made friendly rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs scramble for every 
2) Do you believe the South Korean team #39;s assertion that they were told to file a protest after the meet? 3) Should videotape be used to review possible scoring errors?
Reuters - Dorsey Levens has found\employment for the 2004 season after the veteran running back\signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on\Monday.
AP - The Stanley Cup spent Sunday night in luggage limbo.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States softball team came  into Athens on a simple mission -- take home their third  straight gold medal or call the trip to the Olympics a failure.
 PHILADELPHIA (Sports Network) - Dorsey Levens has found  employment for the 2004 season after the veteran running back  signed a one-year contract with the Philadelphia Eagles on  Monday.
Doing everything he could to buy time and beat exhaustion, Chile #39;s Nicolas Massu got past American Mardy Fish 6-3, 3-6, 2-6, 6-3, 6-4 in an error-filled Olympics men #39;s singles tennis final last night that lasted four hours.
Boris Zingarevich #39;s company have denied the Russian millionaire #39;s son is planning to invest 20m in Everton.  quot;Anton is a student at business school, he has not yet finished, quot; said Svyatoslav Bychkov, a spokesman for Ilim Pulp, Zingarevich #39;s company.
Arsenal are one game away from history - and Andy Gray will be hoping they make it. The Sky Sports pundit told viewers of his new Last Word slot that Arsene Wenger #39;s side deserved to be remembered as the best this country has ever seen.
Athens, Greece (Sports Network) - American Jeremy Wariner led the United States to a sweep of the medals in the men #39;s 400 meter sprint Monday night at the Olympics.
The Fortress Sports Fund, set up to acquire a 40 percent stake in English soccer club Everton for \$36.4 million, said Monday that neither Russian pulp magnate Boris Zingarevich nor his son Anton had invested money in the fund.
Hungary #39;s Robert Fazekas won the discus with an Olympic-record toss of 232 feet, 8 inches (70.93 meters) on Monday, beating the past two gold medalists.
For five minutes, Sara McMann wrestled well enough to get a gold medal. For one final minute, she didn #39;t. That left a tearful McMann with the silver, and at least four years for the only American finalist 
Elaine Youngs and three-time Olympian Holly McPeak entered the semifinal of the Olympic beach volleyball tournament with a 0-13 record against compatriots Misty May and Kerri Walsh dating back to Sept.
AP - Over time, Cal Eldred has learned to embrace the bullpen.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States swept the Olympic  medals in the men's 400 meters Monday and Briton Kelly Holmes  ended years of frustration to beat friend and foe Maria Mutola  in the women's 800 meters.
Briton Kelly Holmes extinguished training partner Maria Mutola #39;s dream of consecutive Olympic titles Monday with an agonizingly close win in the women #39;s 800 meters final.
Russian timber tycoon Boris Zingarevich #39;s company denied on Monday reports that he or his 23-year-old son was bidding for Premier League club Everton.
Sonia OSullivan, who claimed silver for Ireland in Sydney four years ago, struggled home in last place in the 5,000m final in Athens tonight.
AP - Calgary Flames goaltender Miikka Kiprusoff was awarded  #36;2.95 million in arbitration Monday for the upcoming season.
Athens, Greece - USC senior Otis Harris became the school #39;s first 2004 Olympic Medalist today as he won the silver in the men #39;s 400m.
Chicago #39;s Buildings Commission is letting baseball take place as scheduled Monday night at Wrigley Field. The commission says inspectors found  quot;no evidence of shoddy repairs quot; at the Cubs #39; ballpark.
AP - Spencer Stolpen, former president of the NBA's Charlotte Hornets, was sentenced to 15 months in prison Monday for scheming to defraud banks to pay off his mounting debts.
ATHENS (PL). Unexpectedly, but justly so, shot putter Yumisleidi Cumb has become the first gold medalist for Cuba at the 28th Olympic Games in Athens after Russian Irina Korzhanenko tested positive for drugs.
Rookie Jeremy Wariner proved a worthy successor to Michael Johnson when blazing to the Olympic 400 metres gold medal on Monday night in Athens.
Reigning world champion Tom Pappas suffered from a crisis in confidence Monday as he faded from the medal picture in a tough first day of the Olympic decathlon.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - The United States beat world champions  Germany 2-1 in a fierce struggle Monday to reach the final of  the Olympic women's soccer tournament.
ATHENS - He kicked so hard before he was born that his parents joked he was running in his mother #39;s womb. He used to dash down the streets in New York -ever walk  - hurdle every fire hydrant he passed.
With Jeremy Wariner leading the way, the United States pulled off the first medal sweep of the Olympics Monday night in the 400-meter run.
AP - Boston Red Sox catcher Jason Varitek dropped his appeal Monday of a four-game suspension for his part in a bench-clearing brawl with the New York Yankees last month.
 TORONTO (Sports Network) - Calgary Flames goaltender Miikka  Kiprusoff will receive a huge increase in salary for the  upcoming season after an arbitrator Monday awarded the Vezina  Trophy finalist \$2.95 million.
Britain's Dean Macey lies in fourth place after five events of the decathlon.
ATHENS Kelly Holmes has spent more than a decade chasing Maria Mutola. On Monday, when it mattered, she finally caught her. Since her first world title in 1993, Mutola, 31, has been the great predator of women #39;s middle distance running.
The big story is Roman Sebrle, Mr. Consistency. He has four decathlons over 8,800 points his last four times out. He looks good. Tom Pappas of the US, on the other hand, looked shakier than he did at the Olympic Trials.
CHENEY - The Seahawks lost Chad Brown, a defensive leader and starting outside linebacker, for at least eight weeks after he broke his left ankle today.
ATHENS, AUGUST 23: World marathon record holder Paula Radcliffe will delay making a decision on whether or not she will run in the Olympic 10,000 metres after dropping out of Sundays marathon.
Seattle Seahawks linebacker Chad Brown, a three-time Pro Bowl selecltion, broke his left leg during practice Monday. Head coach Mike Holmgren said doctors believe Brown likely will miss the first four games of the regular season.
AP - Former Arkansas basketball coach Nolan Richardson will appeal the dismissal of a discrimination lawsuit he filed against the university.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - "People power" stopped a gymnastics  competition for 10 minutes on Monday when the crowd booed and  jeered the judges for a poor score that destroyed Russian  Alexei Nemov's chance of a 13th Olympics medal.
ATHENS, Aug. 23. - In a shade under ten seconds Justin Gatlin went from a hyperactive boy who used to jump off his parents TV set dressed in a Batman cape to the holder of the most prized title in track-and-field.
Former Arkansas basketball coach Nolan Richardson faced a deadline Monday to file an appeal of a decision tossing out his discrimination lawsuit against his old school.
AMERICAN Maurice Greene was the sentimental favourite, his chance to repeat his Sydney 2000 feat and grab the gold in the 100m sprint.
They were expressing their frustration at what turned into the latest of several Games gymnastics judging controversies. In a surreal scene unlike anything gymnastics veterans had ever encountered, jeers and 
AP - Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick missed practice Monday because of tightness in his right hamstring.
Southampton are planning to appoint a director of football to work alongside the new head coach, Steve Wigley, after the abrupt sacking of Paul Sturrock yesterday.
Cleveland, OH (Sports Network) - Cleveland Cavaliers assistant coach Mark Osowski passed away Sunday due to complications from pancreatitis, the team announced Monday afternoon.
Torrential rain forced officials to abandon Australia #39;s one-day match against India in the Amstelveen triangular tournament on Monday, wasting Australia #39;s innings of 175 for seven and awarding both sides three points for 
 ATHENS (Reuters) - "People's power" stopped a gymnastics  contest when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  medal chances on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes shattered  Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters titles.
WASHINGTON: Australias Lleyton Hewitt further fine-tuned his game ahead of the US Open with a convincing 6-3, 6-4 win on Sunday over Gilles Muller to capture the \$500,000 Legg Mason Classic.
AP - The Milwaukee Bucks on Monday re-signed forward Toni Kukoc after two productive seasons with the team.
AP - Jelena Kostanic outlasted Magdalena Maleeva on long rallies and took advantage of her opponent's mistakes to score an upset at the Pilot Pen tennis tournament Monday.
DARIO Franchitti won his second Indy Racing League event of the season in Colorado on a day of dominance by British drivers. The Scot was the man to beat all day in the Indy 225 at Pikes Peak, and only Mexican 
Deep into overtime, and maybe the last time for the Fab Five of US women #39;s soccer, the breaks were going against them. A last-gasp goal that stole victory in regulation, a wide-open shot that bounced off the goal post.
Top-seeded Lindsay Davenport won her fourth consecutive championship on Sunday, defeating second-seeded Vera Zvonareva 6-3, 6-4 in the Western and Southern Women #39;s Open finals.
Americans Misty May and Kerri Walsh continued their unbeaten streak to win their Olympics women #39;s beach volleyball semi-final on Monday and will face an experienced Brazilian team in the gold medal match.
The more English football sees of Rupert Lowe, the less appealing he becomes. Southampton #39;s chairman has made himself look utterly foolish over his handling of the demise 
Why you should watch: The athletes are impossibly tanned and fit, the setting couldn #39;t be more beautiful and the competition will be fierce.
Rangers go into tomorrow night #39;s Champions League qualifier against CSKA Moscow at Ibrox without vice-captain Alex Rae, whose appeal against a five-match ban was dismissed by UEFA #39;s appeals tribunal yesterday.
Australia #39;s Allana Slater finished last as the women #39;s gymnastics beam final was won by Romania #39;s Catalina Ponor this morning.
The search for the reasons behind Paula Radcliffe #39;s disastrous performance in the Olympic marathon moved yesterday to a medical laboratory in Athens, where blood samples taken from the 30-year-old athlete were being analysed in the hope of discovering 
Kelly Holmes came from the back of the pack to take Olympic gold last night in a thrilling 800 metres final. Holmes was second to last going into the second of the two laps.
If they could have made the shutout last just one more inning, the unbeatable American softball team would have wound up with not only a third straight gold medal, but a feat that years from now will seem mythological.
OKLAHOMA CITY -- An Oklahoma Olympic legend spoke out Monday on the controversy surrounding the gold medal won last week by American gymnast Paul Hamm.
Members of the Australian women #39;s rowing eight face disciplinary action after publicly criticising team-mate Sally Robbins for her failure to complete the Olympic final.
AP - With recorders and cameras rolling, Adewale Ogunleye gave the obligatory pronunciation of his name on his first day with the Chicago Bears.
 ATHENS (Reuters) - "People's power" stopped a gymnastics  final when judges' scoring destroyed Russian Alexei Nemov's  Olympic medal hopes on Monday, while Briton Kelly Holmes  shattered Maria Mutola's dream of consecutive 800 meters  titles.
EAST RUTHERFORD, NJ --Richard Jefferson scored 26 points and hit a go-ahead jumper with seven seconds left to lift the New Jersey Nets to an 88-86 win over the Toronto Raptors at Continental Airlines Arena.
SOUTHAMPTON, England: English Premiership side Southampton announced yesterday the resignation of their manager Paul Sturrock - the first managerial casualty of the new season.
Everton rejected a bid of 20 million pounds (\$36 million) from English Premiership soccer rival Newcastle United for teenage striker Wayne Rooney.
ATHENS: The true worth of Justin Gatlins stunning Olympic 100m victory could be measured by who was left in his considerable wake.
AKRON, OHIO - Stewart Cink led all the way in winning the NEC Invitational by four shots. He #39;s the first player on the PGA Tour to win wire to wire this year.
LLEYTON Hewitt stepped up his preparation for the US Open with a convincing 6-3 6-4 win over Gilles Muller in the final of the Washington Open yesterday.
ATHENS - Kelly Holmes was not meant to win an Olympic title in Athens and Paula Radcliffe was. Holmes, try as she might, could still not grasp the way things had turned out on Monday for the two British team mates.
The first woman ever to win gold in Olympic wrestling screamed with delight, subsided into floods of tears and leapt into the arms of an astonished referee.
Ethiopia #39;s Meseret Defar won the women #39;s 5,000 meters gold medal at the Olympic Games in Athens on August 23. The 20-year-old, women #39;s 3,000m winner in this year #39;s world indoor championships in Budapest, clocked 14 minutes 45.
The torment engulfing Paula Radcliffe after her failure to finish the Olympic marathon was plain yesterday as she tried to explain what went so horribly wrong in the burning heat of Athens.
American pair Misty May and Kerri Walsh continued their unbeaten streak to reach the final of the women #39;s beach volleyball competition.
 BAGHDAD (Reuters) - When Iraq's Olympic soccer side beat  Costa Rica nine days ago en route to their semi-final clash  with Paraguay later on Tuesday, Hussein Allawi jumped so high  with joy he cut his hand in the ceiling fan.
The US women #39;s softball team has finished a dominating performance at the Olympics by capturing the gold medal. The Americans had little trouble with Australia in the final Monday, cruising to a 5-1 victory.
China #39;s Wang Xu captured gold in the 72-kilogram category, defeating Russian Gouzel Maniourova in the final Monday. Kyoko Hamaguchi of Japan took the bronze.
DARIO FRANCHITTI scored a scorching second Indy Racing League race of 2004 on a triumphant return to Pikes Peak. The Scot finished fourth at the Colorado track last year but this time he led the race four 
Misty May and Kerri Walsh were feeling the pressure before their beach volleyball semifinal against fellow Americans and friendly rivals Holly McPeak and Elaine Youngs.
Crushed by her failure to finish the women #39;s Olympic marathon Sunday, Paula Radcliffe broke down twice yesterday as she struggled to explain how her dreams were shattered.
Don #39;t count on seeing any major league stars in the Olympics while Bud Selig is baseball commissioner. Selig, who last week received a three-year extension through 2009, said Monday that 
AP - Marty Booker spent Monday meeting new teammates and getting used to his new surroundings.
AMERICA #39;S original soccer mamas put off the next stage to their lives last night because it wasn #39;t time for Mary Tyler Moore #39;s hat to fall from the sky just yet.
But this time in Athens, they have to accept the bitter fact that South Korean Ryu Seung Min was a better player in the pulsating men #39;s singles final against Chinese Wang Hao.
TORONTO (Ticker) -- Ted Lilly responded to the challenge of facing Pedro Martinez with a powerful performance. Lilly struck out a career-high 13 in a dominant three-hitter to outduel Martinez and lift the 
AP - Phil Nevin homered, doubled and drove in five runs and the San Diego Padres built a big lead for Jake Peavy in beating the New York Mets 9-4 Monday night.
AP - Residents of Eagle County are a diverse lot  #151; 23 percent Hispanic, 0.3 percent black. Forty-three percent of them are college graduates. And attorneys in the Kobe Bryant rape case would love to know what they are thinking right now.
AP - Giovanni Carrara walked Juan Rivera with the bases loaded and two outs in the ninth inning Monday night, spoiling Los Angeles' six-run comeback and handing the Montreal Expos an 8-7 victory over the Dodgers.
The results of the Olympic gymnastics all-around final will not change, leaving Paul Hamm of the United States with the sole gold medal.
ATHENS, Greece -- For a brief moment Monday night, the Olympic Stadium, sounded the chant so often heard when American #39;s take the field in international competition:  quot;USA -- USA -- USA.
Russian timber tycoon Boris Zingarevich #39;s company denied reports that he or his 23-year-old son was bidding for English Premier League club Everton.
AP - Gary Sheffield hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the ninth inning and the New York Yankees sent the fading Cleveland Indians to their eighth straight loss, 6-4 Monday night.
Japan #39;s women wrestlers added four medals, including two golds, to lead the country to a record Olympic performance and be within one gold medal of its biggest haul of championships.
AP - Rookie quarterback Phillip Rivers ended his lengthy holdout, signing a six-year contract with the San Diego Chargers on Monday night.
Noguchi tamed a grueling course and ran away with the gold medal in the women #39;s marathon at the Athens Olympics on Sunday. Noguchi, pulling away at the 25-kilometer mark, held off a late charge from Kenya #39;s 
Ethiopia #39;s Meseret Defar pulled away from Kenya #39;s Isabella Ochichi in the final half-lap to win the Olympic 5,000 meters in 14 minutes, 45.
A fund co-founded by Russian timber magnate Boris Zingarevich #39;s 23-year-old son is bidding for Premier League club Everton, the Moscow Times says.
HEN Manny Ramirez and David Ortiz hit consecutive home runs Sunday night in Chicago to put the Red Sox ahead, there was dancing in the streets in Boston.
Kelly Holmes #39; lastminute gamble was rewarded with a glorious gold medal tonight as she stormed to the Olympic 800 metres title in Athens.
Virginia Tech quarterback Bryan Randall's experience on the Hokies basketball team featured the kind of leadership that the football team desperately needs this season.
The last Black Coaches Association Football Classic, matching defending co-national champion Southern California and Virginia Tech on Saturday at FedEx Field, is sold out.
Patrick Ramsey's last chance to win the starting quarterback job may be Friday in St. Louis, but head coach Joe Gibbs is not tipping his hand.
